[('Record fails to lift lacklustre meet', "Yelena Isinbayeva may have produced another world pole vault record, but her achievement could not hide the fact it was not the best meet we have ever seen in Birmingham.\nAnd hey, there are not many meets that go by without the Russian breaking a world record.\nApparently, Isinbayeva has cleared five metres in training and I would just love her to put us out of our misery and have a go at it rather than extending the indoor record by one centimetre at a time. Athletics to me is all about pushing the barriers and being the best you can, and I would like to see her have a go at 5m in competition. Mind you, every time she breaks the record she gets $30,000 so she can afford to be deliberate about it. World records aside, I thought it was a very encouraging evening's work for Kelly Holmes. She looked good and was very positive. Agnes Samaria, who came second, is in very good shape and is in the world's top three 800m runners this season. Yes, Samaria let Kelly get away, but there was no coming back over the last 200m as Kelly dominated the race, so beating Samaria is a bit of a benchmark for Kelly. My gut feeling is that Kelly would like to run in the European Indoor Championships, but she just hasn't convinced herself she is fit enough to do so. On the other hand, I think Jason Gardener is struggling to come near what is going to be required to win the men's 60m in Madrid. He started well in the final but still could not stay with the front-runners. Jason has a lot of experience indoors but for some reason he is struggling to maintain his pace through to the finish.\nIt would have been nice to see what Mark Lewis-Francis could have done in the final, if only he hadn't got himself disqualified. He was blatantly playing the false-start game to his advantage, but it tripped him up and made him look a bit silly. My view is you're meant to go when the gun goes and not before. And if you try to unsettle your rivals by employing the false-start tactic you have to remember not to false start yourself again. Having said that, Mark is looking in much better shape. But I haven't seen anything from Mark or Jason yet which suggests France's Ronald Pognon - who has run 6.45 seconds - will be under threat at the Europeans. From a British point of view, Sarah Claxton's victory in the 60m hurdles was the best thing to come out of the meet.\nSomething else that probably went unnoticed was Melanie Purkiss winning the women's national 400m race in a new personal best of 52.98 seconds. AAAs champion Kim Wall came second in another lifetime best so we have a very strong 4x400m squad going to the European Championships. Scotland's Lee McConnell is probably going to run too, so we have a real prospect of a medal. From an international perspective, I thought Meseret Defar was disappointing in the 3,000m, but I don't think the pace-making was great. Canadian Heather Hennigar set a fast early pace but could not maintain it and if Jo Pavey had been in last year's shape she would have given Defar a real run for her money. She had a go but just could not hang in there. We were also expecting a bit more from Bernard Lagat in the men's 1500m. But he has only just come over from the USA, so he may not be that sharp and I still think he is in great shape. As for Kenenisa Bekele, he was well beaten by Markos Geneti. But we only had half expectations for Bekele as he has been struggling this season. It was very hot in the National Indoor Arena and I felt uncomfortable in the commentary box. I think those conditions affected the distance runners and in fact Defar complained to her coach after the race that she could not get her breath properly."), ('Holmes back on form in Birmingham', 'Double Olympic champion Kelly Holmes was back to her best as she comfortably won the 1,000m at the Norwich Union Birmingham Indoor Grand Prix.\nThe 34-year-old, running only her second competitive race of the season, shook off the rust to win in two minutes, 35.39 seconds. But she is still undecided about competing in the European Championships in Madrid from 4-6 March. "I\'ll probably be entered and make my mind up at the last minute," she said. "My training hasn\'t gone as well as expected but I\'ve got two weeks to decide. "I need to take my time and make sure I feel good about what I\'m doing. "I felt very good here but with the crowd behind you, you feel like you can do anything." American\nwas the eventual winner of the men\'s 60m race which almost ended in farce. Three athletes were disqualified for false starting, including Britain\'s Mark Lewis-Francis, who was the first man guilty of coming out of his blocks too quickly. World 100m champion Kim Collins clinched second spot ahead of world 60m record holder and Scott\'s training partner Maurice Greene. Jason Gardener\'s unbeaten run came to an end as he came fifth and he will need to improve if he is to defend his European title in Madrid. "You can\'t win them all," said Gardener afterwards. "And I was very disappointed as I know I\'m capable of doing better." Russian\nwas back on record-breaking form in the pole vault at the National Indoor Arena.\nThe Olympic champion set a new world mark of 4.88m to break her own record - which she set just six days ago - and beat Russian rival Svetlana Feofanova. It was Isinbayeva\'s 11th world record - indoors or out - since July 2003. "I\'m so happy and I will do my best to break the 5m barrier soon," the 22-year-old told BBC Sport. Jamaica\'s\nstormed to a personal best of 7.13 seconds to claim the women\'s 60m sprint. Belgian Kim Gevaert, who will be one of the favourites for next month\'s European title, took second while American Muna Lee was third. There was disappointment for British pair Jeanette Kwakye and Joice Maduaka who finished seventh and eighth respectively.\nJamaican\nstretched her unbeaten record to 25 races as she effortlessly claimed the 200m. The Olympic champion set a new indoor personal best of 22.38 seconds - the fastest time in the world this season.\nfought off fellow Briton Tim Abeyie to take the men\'s 200m in a personal best of 20.88.\ncontinued her outstanding start to the season, beating a strong international field, which included two-time Olympic 100m hurdles bronze medallist Melissa Morrison, to claim the women\'s 60m hurdles. The 25-year-old Briton clocked 7.98 seconds while pre-European Championships favourite Russian Irina Shevchenko finished down in sixth. Ethiopia\'s\nfailed in her bid to smash compatriot Berhane Adere\'s world 3,000m record but still won the event in emphatic style. The Olympic 5,000m champion was inside record pace but dropped off over the final third, finishing in eight minutes, 33.05 seconds - the fourth fastest time ever recorded for the event. Britain\'s Jo Pavey bravely decided to go with Defar as she strode away from the field and took second in a season\'s best 8:41.43. Kenyan\nalso missed out on the indoor 1500m world record, which Hicham El Guerrouj has held for the last eight years.\nLagat settled for silver behind El Guerrouj in Athens and was almost four seconds short of the Moroccan\'s world best, clocking 3:35.27 in Birmingham. And\nwas still struggling to find his form after the death of his fiancee this year. The Olympic 10,000m champion had comfortably led the men\'s two mile race after his younger brother Tariku had set the pace. But fellow Ethiopian\nappeared ominously on Bekele\'s shoulder with two laps to go before surging past him at the bell to win in 8:14.28. Jamaican\nmade the most of a blistering start to take the men\'s 400m title in 45.91 seconds. World indoor champion, Alleyne Francique, faded badly and finished in fourth while American duo Jerry Harris and James Davis took second and third respectively. Swede\nshowed her class in the long jump as she stole top spot from Jade Johnson with the very last jump of the competition. The Olympic heptathlon gold medallist reached 6.66m to better Johnson\'s mark of 6.52m - her second personal best inside a week. "I was quite surprised because I didn\'t think I\'d end up with second place," said Johnson, who wore London\'s 2012 Olympic bid slogan, "Back the Bid", on her shorts. "But I\'m pleased and hopefully I\'ll get a bit better for the Europeans. I really want to win a medal."\nwon the men\'s event with a season\'s best of 7.95m, taking the scalp of world indoor champion Savante Stringfellow of the USA.'), ('Gardener wins double in Glasgow', 'Britain\'s Jason Gardener enjoyed a double 60m success in Glasgow in his first competitive outing since he won 100m relay gold at the Athens Olympics.\nGardener cruised home ahead of Scot Nick Smith to win the invitational race at the Norwich Union International. He then recovered from a poor start in the second race to beat Swede Daniel Persson and Italy\'s Luca Verdecchia. His times of 6.61 and 6.62 seconds were well short of American Maurice Greene\'s 60m world record of 6.39secs from 1998. "It\'s a very hard record to break, but I believe I\'ve trained very well," said the world indoor champion, who hopes to get closer to the mark this season. "It was important to come out and make sure I got maximum points. My last race was the Olympic final and there was a lot of expectation. "This was just what I needed to sharpen up and get some race fitness. I\'m very excited about the next couple of months."\nDouble Olympic champion\nmarked her first appearance on home soil since winning 1500m and 800m gold in Athens with a victory. There was a third success for Britain when\nedged out Russia\'s Olga Fedorova and Sweden\'s Jenny Kallur to win the women\'s 60m race in 7.23secs. Maduaka was unable to repeat the feat in the 200m, finishing down in fourth as\ntook the win for Russia. And the 31-year-old also missed out on a podium place in the 4x200m relay as the British quartet came in fourth, with Russia setting a new world indoor record. There was a setback for Jade Johnson as she suffered a recurrence of her back injury in the long jump. Russia won the meeting with a final total of 63 points, with Britain second on 48 and France one point behind in third.\nled the way for Russia by producing a major shock in the high jump as he beat Olympic champion Stefan Holm into second place to end the Swede\'s 22-event unbeaten record.\nwon the triple jump with a leap of 16.87m, with Britain\'s Tosin Oke fourth in 15.80m.\nwon the men\'s pole vault competition with a clearance of 5.65m, with Britain\'s Nick Buckfield 51cm adrift of his personal best in third. And\nwon the women\'s 800m, with Britain\'s Jenny Meadows third. There was yet another Russian victory in the women\'s 400m as\nfinished well clear of Britain\'s Catherine Murphy. Chris Lambert had to settle for fourth after fading in the closing stages of the men\'s 200m race as Sweden\'s\nheld off Leslie Djhone of France. France\'s\nwon the men\'s 400m, with Brett Rund fourth for Britain.\ntook victory for Sweden in the women\'s 60m hurdles ahead of Russia\'s Irina Shevchenko and Britain\'s Sarah Claxton, who set a new personal best. Italy grabbed their first victory in the men\'s 1500m as\nkicked over the last 200 metres to hold off Britain\'s James Thie and France\'s Alexis Abraham. A botched changeover in the 4x200m relay cost Britain\'s men the chance to add further points as France claimed victory.'), ('Off-colour Gardener storms to win', 'Britain\'s Jason Gardener shook off an upset stomach to win the 60m at Sunday\'s Leipzig International meeting.\nGardener clocked 6.56 seconds to equal the meeting record and finished well ahead of Germany\'s Marc Blume, who crossed the line in 6.67 secs. The world indoor champion said: "I got to the airport and my stomach was upset and I was vomiting. I almost went home. "I felt a little better Sunday morning but decided I\'d only run in the main race. Then everything went perfectly." Gardener, part of the Great Britain 4x100m quartet that won gold at the Athens Olympics, will now turn his attention to next weekend\'s Norwich Union European Indoor trials in Sheffield.\n"Given I am still off-colour I know there is plenty more in the tank and I expect to get faster in the next few weeks," he said. "It\'s just a case of chipping away as I have done in previous years and the results will come." Scotland\'s Ian Mackie was also in action in Leipzig. He stepped down from his favoured 400m to 200m to finish third in 21.72 secs. Germany\'s Alexander Kosenkow won the race in 21.07 secs with Dutchman Patrick van Balkom second in 21.58 secs. There were plenty of other senior British athletes showing their indoor form over the weekend. Promising 60m hurdler\nclocked a new UK record of 7.98 seconds at a meeting in Norway. The 24-year-old reached the mark in her heat but had to settle for joint first place with former AAA champion Diane Allahgreen in the final.\n, who broke onto the international scene at the Olympic Games last season, set an indoor personal best of 16.50m in the triple jump at a meeting in Ghent. That leap - 37cm short of Brazilian winner Jadel Gregorio\'s effort - was good enough to qualify for the European Indoor Championships. At the same meeting,\nfinished third in 7.27 seconds in a high-class women\'s 60m. The event was won by European medal favourite Christine Arron of France while Belgium rival Kim Gevaert was second. Britain\'s Joice Maduaka finished fifth in 7.35. Olympic bronze heptathlon medallist\nmade a low-key return to action at an indoor meeting in Birmingham. The 28-year-old cleared 1.76m to win the high jump and threw 13.86m in the women\'s shot put.'), ('Gardener battles to narrow win', 'Jason Gardener fought all the way to the line to narrowly claim the men\'s 60m title at the Norwich Union Indoor trials and AAAs Championships.\nThe world 60m champion got off to a rolling start and had to dig deep to dip ahead of Mark Findlay and Darren Chin, who both set personal bests. "It was a close race," admitted Gardener. "I stumbled out the blocks but my experience told through. "I still feel there\'s more life in me and I believe I can go faster." Gardener\'s performance in Sheffield could have been affected by the news, which he heard before his semi-final, that his European record had been broken Frenchman Ronald Pognon, who will be a real threat at the European Championships, set a new time of 6.45, one-hundreth of a second faster than Gardener\'s previous mark. Favourite\ndelivered a powerful performance to take the women\'s 60m title in 7.27 seconds. "You\'ll see me in Madrid and I feel there is a lot more to come along," said the 22-year-old. Katherine Endacott battled hard to take second and dip under the European qualifying mark. Defending champion Joice Maduaka had pulled out of the final with a chest infection.\nwas on record-breaking form as she stormed to the women\'s 60m hurdles crown. The 25-year-old set a new British record for the second time in seven days, clocking 7.96 seconds to finish ahead of rival Diane Allahgreen. "I\'m so happy," a tearful Claxton told BBC Sport. "All the years I\'ve been running and I\'m getting recognition." Claxton\'s time was also good enough to qualify for the European Championships.\nThe men\'s 800m went to form in Sheffield as\ndominated the race from start to finish. The Northern Ireland athlete went off at a startling pace but had to hold off the challenge of Welshman Jimmy Watkins over the final 200m to win in one minute, 47.96 seconds. Both McIlory and Watkins, who set a life-time best of 1:48.32, had already booked their places in Madrid and were again well within the qualifying time. "I had to go out and go through all the gears before the Europeans and I won\'t run again until then," said McIlroy.\ncould not reach the European mark in the women\'s race as she crossed the line to win in 2:04.45. Olympic bronze heptathlon medallist\nrounded off a useful weekend with two more personal bests in Sheffield. The 28-year-old reached 1.80m in the high jump and clocked 8.47secs in the heats of the 60m hurdles. "I\'ve surprised myself," said Sotherton. "I\'m starting to thrive on the pressure but if I don\'t perform then it\'s not the end of the world." Pole vaulter\nmade a winning return to major competition after a drugs ban. The Trafford athlete, who has served a two-year ban after testing positive for anabolic steroids, clinched the title with a championship record 4.25m.\nalso set a new championship mark in the men\'s triple jump title in Sheffield. The 26-year-old, who has been training in Australia over the winter, landed 17.30m with his final effort - the longest leap in the world this year. "I didn\'t have a clue," said Idowu. "I\'ve not jumped indoors before and I just wanted the qualifying mark. "But this isn\'t a bad start and hopefully I\'ll come back from Madrid with a gold medal." Nathan Douglas continued his steady progress this season as he set a life-time best of 16.76m in second while Jonathan Moore took third.\nand\nresumed their rivalry in the long jump competition, both achieving the European standard. Commonwealth champion Morgan reached a personal best of 7.96m on his very first jump and then promptly retired with a bruised heel. Olympian Tomlinson tried to play catch up with his six jumps but had to settle for a season\'s best jump of 7.91m. "I was advised not to jump by my doctor and so I\'m pleased to come here and get the qualifying mark," said Tomlinson.\n, now based at Loughborough, sprinted past front runner Catherine Murphy in the final 100m to steal the women\'s 400m title. The 21-year-old ran a personal best of 53.45 seconds to win her first indoor title. Wall\'s time was just short of the qualifying mark - something Murphy already has. Ireland\'s\ntook the men\'s title in 46.46 ahead of promising Channel Islands decathlete Dale Garland. Sudanese 18-year-old Rabah Yusuf, who is seeking British citizenship, showed his raw talent as he burst through in third.\ncleared the required 1.90m to qualify for the European championships and claim the AAAs title in the women\'s high jump. In the men\'s 3,000m,\npowered to a new personal best of seven minutes, 56.86 seconds to defend his AAAs title in style. It was the first time in 11 years the eight-minute barrier has been broken at the championships and was just within the European mark.\ntook the women\'s 1500m AAAs title in the absence of Kelly Holmes. Her time of 4:19.11 was not good enough to qualify for Madrid but Ovens had already opted out of the championships. The men\'s race was won by\n, who had to fight off a closing pack to claim the title in 3:45.87.'), ('McIlroy wins 800m indoor title', 'James McIlroy motored to the AAA\'s Indoor 800m title in Sheffied on Sunday in a time of one minute, 47.97 seconds.\nThe Larne athlete dominated the race from start to finish although he had to hold off a late challenge from Welshman Jimmy Watkins in the final 100 metres. "I had to go out and go through all the gears before the Europeans and I won\'t run again until then," said McIlroy. \'\'I though if I got lucky I\'d get close to the British record but I blew up in the end.\'\' McIlroy has been in superb form at the start of the season and will now start his build-up for the European Indoors at Madrid on 4-6 March. Meanwhile, Paul Brizzel and Anna Boyle reached the semi-finals of the 60m hurdles with Boyle setting a season\'s best of 7.48. In the women\'s 60m final, Ailis McSweeney broke Michelle Carroll\'s long-standing Irish record by clocking 7.37 which left her in third place. David Gillick showed that he is a genuine medal contender in the European Indoor Championships by claiming an impressive 400m victory. Gillick was more than half-a-second clear when taking gold in 46.45 - .02 outside his personal best set in Saturday\'s semi-finals.\nThe Irishman is now the fastest European this season. Derval O\'Rourke broke her own Irish 60m hurdles record by clocking 8.06 which left her third behind new British record holder Sarah Claxton (7.96). James Nolan (3:46.04) took second in the men\'s 1500m behind Neil Speaight (3:45.86) but the Offaly man was outside the European Indoor standard. Colin Costello was seventh in the 1500m final in 3:48.82). Deirdre Ryan was second in the women\'s high jump with a clearance of 1.87m while Aoife Byrne took silver in the 800m in a personal best of 2:06.73. Lisburn\'s Kelly McNeice Reid (4:31.34) was seventh in the women\'s 1500m while Gary Murray (8:11.22) was 11th in the men\'s 3000m. Meanwhile, Stephen Cairns and Jill Shannon claimed the individual titles at Saturday\'s Northern Ireland Cross Country Championship in Coleraine. Cairns came in ahead of Paul Rowan and Allan Bogle in the men\'s race. Willowfield claimed their first men\'s team title in 72 years while Shannon helped Lagan Valley win the women\'s team honours.'), ('Johnson edges out rival Sotherton', "Jade Johnson edged out rival Kelly Sotherton with her last effort to claim the AAAs long jump title at the Norwich Union European Indoor trials.\nOlympic heptathlon bronze medallist, Sotherton, led the event with her first leap of 6.43m - a personal best. But Johnson, who has not competed indoors for five years, leapt to a life-time best of 6.50m in her last jump, after four fouls. Both Johnson and Sotherton passed the European Championships qualifying mark. Although Sotherton's main aim in Madrid next month will be the pentathlon where she will take on Olympic heptathlon champion Carolina Kluft. Ireland's\ndelivered a shock in the men's 200m as he stormed to his first major title in 21.01 seconds. British favourite Chris Lambert had to settle for second place while defending champion Ireland's Paul Brizzel took third. There was some consolation for Lambert as he set a personal best of 20.94 in the first round - good enough to qualify for Europe.\nTwo-time AAAs champion Allyn Condon and Ian Mackie had no such luck as they were disqualified in the heats. There was plenty of hot action in the men's 60m hurdles where Scotland's\nwas vying for top spot with Olympian Andy Turner. Scott, 22, smashed his personal best on the way to the final, where he broke it again to win the AAAs title in 7.58 seconds. Turner finished second in 7.82 after previously setting a personal best on the 7.83 in the semi-finals, while Damien Greaves did not finish the final. The trio of athletes have reached the European qualifying mark this season though one of them is set to miss out on a call-up to the British squad.\ncomfortably defended her 3,000m title, clocking eight minutes, 49.87 seconds to easily surpass the European qualifying mark. The European cross country bronze medallist is ranked number one in Europe this season and will go to Madrid with high hopes. Helen Clitheroe was agonisingly close to the 9:05.00 qualifying mark as she claimed the runners-up spot in a personal best of 9:05.73. In the men's 800m heats,\nqualified fastest in the 800m heats to lay down a challenge to in-form\n. The Welsh runner attacked the last 200m to come through ahead of James Thie in one minute, 49.87 seconds. McIlroy, who is third in the European rankings, eased across the finish in 1:50.87 to set up a showdown in Sunday's final in Sheffield. Both Watkins and McIlroy have already achieved the European qualifying mark. Scotland's Susan Deacon stole\n's thunder in the final of the women's 200m. Fraser became the fastest British woman over the distance this season when she qualified for the final in 23.68 seconds - though that time is outside the European standard. But Deacon claimed her first AAAs title over the distance, edging Fraser into second in 23.67. In the women's shot put veteran\nclaimed her fourth AAAs title with a throw of 15.27m. But that mark was not good enough for the 39-year-old to book her place at next month's European Indoor Championships in Madrid. Sotherton finished fifth after producing two throws of 13.77m. In the absence of injured British number one Carl Myerscough,\nclaimed the men's shot put title with a throw of 17.64m, which was below the qualifying mark.\nSale's Robert Mitchell climbed to a season's best of 2.20m - just 3cm short of the European standard - to claim the British indoor high jump title.\ncould only clear 2.16m to finish in fourth but the 27-year-old's disappointment will be tempered as he had already achieved the qualifying mark at a meeting in Slovenia on Tuesday. There was bad luck for British number one\nin the pole vault as he failed to clear the bar after deciding to come in at 5.45m. The AAAs indoor title went instead to Ashley Swain, who climbed to a season's best of 5.25m And Ireland's Taniesha Scanlon set a new national record of 13.28m in the women's triple jump."), ('Holmes urged to compete at Worlds', 'Jolanda Ceplak has urged Britain\'s Kelly Holmes to continue competing at the major championships.\nDouble Olympic gold medallist Holmes has strongly hinted she will not run in this year\'s Worlds and is undecided about next month\'s European Indoors. But World Indoor 800m record holder Ceplak said: "There is never an easy race when she is in the field. There is only excitement at what might happen. "It is good for the sport. She always fetches the best out of everyone." Ceplak has been a great rival of Holmes\' during the Briton\'s career and the pair fell out when Holmes questioned the manner of the Slovenian\'s runaway 800m victory at the 2002 European Championships. But the controversy has since been forgotten, with Ceplak acting as pacemaker for Holmes\' failed attempt on the British Indoor 1500m record at the Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham in 2003.\nCeplak added: "I like running against her - you know the race is always going to be fast. "That is the sort of competition that I like. She is special to me. She was like my idol from the beginning of my career." Meanwhile, Ceplak will be looking to follow up last Saturday\'s win in Boston with a fast time and victory in Friday\'s Night of Athletics in Erfurt, Germany. Britain\'s Jason Gardener had been expected to defend his 60m title in Erfurt but instead he will save himself for a competition in Leipzig on Sunday. Gardener\'s decision means Scotland\'s 400m man Ian Mackie will carry British hopes in what looks sure to be a tough preparation for next weekend\'s Norwich Union European trials in Sheffield.'), ('Johnson uncertain about Euro bid', 'Jade Johnson is undecided about whether to contest next month\'s European Indoor Championships in Madrid despite winning the AAAs long jump title on Saturday.\nThe 24-year-old delivered a personal best of 6.50m to win the European trials but had to wait until her final jump after four failures. "I don\'t want to go if I am not going to get a medal," said Johnson. "I will have to see how I am jumping in the next competition and I\'ll have to have a conversation with my coach." Johnson, who finished seventh in last year\'s Olympic Games, has not competed indoors since 2000. And the Commonwealth and European silver medallist believes her lack of experience in the early part of the season has knocked her confidence. "It\'s the stress," said Johnson. "I am not used to feeling this, this early. I am just used to training. "But if I\'m doing this kind of thing, then I will have to see how it goes." Johnson next competes in the high-class Birmingham Grand Prix on 18 February.'), ('European medal chances improve', "What have the European Indoor trials told us? Well, I think we could be heading to the European Championships with half a dozen medal prospects.\nIt was good to see athletes beginning to make steps forward, to see a few new faces and there were lots of personal bests kicking around.\nThe best performance on the track for me was Sarah Claxton's win in the 60m hurdles. Running sub-eight seconds twice in a week puts her right up there and if she repeats that in Madrid she will be close to picking up a medal. But what was great about Sunday's performance was that she was under pressure to produce the goods when it counted. Diane Allahgreen has been our best hurdler for some time now and I think she was surprised to be beaten by Sarah. And knowing that she got the better of Diane in a head-to-head race will give Sarah confidence. In the men's race on Saturday, Allan Scott was right in there and there is definitely more to come from him. In fact, the men's 60m hurdles is so strong, I think the selectors will pick three hurdlers to go to Madrid.\nPhillips Idowu lit up the field events, not only with his hair, but also with his leap of 17.30m, which puts him at the top of the world rankings. I had a chat with him before the competition and he was really looking forward to getting out there. He feels he is in great shape and has some big jumps inside him - but then Phillips always has. A lot of the athletes said the runway was not very helpful, so for Phillips to jump like that is a good performance. He is such a huge talent but just needs some consistency - and if he does that then the big jumps will get even further. Across the board I thought Kelly Sotherton had a great weekend and continued to show she is developing. She picked up three personal bests in the long jump, high jump and 60m hurdles and you can't ask for more than that. Kelly will be up against Carolina Kluft in the pentathlon at the European Championships but she has every chance of a medal on the basis of what we've seen so far.\nShe has a complicated training regime where different people help her with different disciplines but it seems to be working really well. It wasn't all good news in Sheffield. I thought both the 60m races were disappointing in different ways. Jason Gardener may have won but he wasn't at his best. I chatted to him afterwards and he knows it was an off-day for him. He's there to be shot at and the other lads nearly got a big scalp out there. In the women's race, Jeanette Kwayke was hoping to run against defending champion Joice Maduaka. The pair are enjoying a bit of rivalry but Joice had to pull out with a chest infection. If she had made the final I think Jeanette would have gone a bit quicker.\nJanine Whitlock competed well in the pole vault on her return following a two-year drugs ban. But the most disappointing thing in the wider view is that she is our best pole vaulter by a long way and that shouldn't be the case. The event has moved on immensely since Janine has been away and if there was more domestic competition I think that would help her. A couple of other interesting topics to look out for are the citizenship issues surrounding Mark Findlay and Rabah Yusuf. Findlay is a Londoner who has chosen to represent Trinidad and Tobago but has never run for them so he could still compete for Great Britain. Yusuf, who came third in the 400m, is from the Sudan but is trying to gain British citizenship. He came to Britain as a high jumper but damaged his toe, started doing more running and found his talent. So we shall have to see what happens to both of them."), ('Collins to compete in Birmingham', 'World and Commonwealth 100m champion Kim Collins will compete in the 60m at the Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham on 18 February.\nThe St Kitts and Nevis star joins British Olympic relay gold medallists Jason Gardener and Mark Lewis-Francis. Sydney Olympic 100m champion and world indoor record holder Maurice Greene and Athens Olympic 100m silver medallist Francis Obikwelu will also take part. Collins ran in Birmingham at the 2003 World Indoor Championships. "I\'m looking forward to competing against such a strong field," he said. "I got a great reception form the crowd at the NIA when I won my 60m world indoor silver medal in 2003 and it will be really exciting to return to this venue." The world champion says he\'s in good shape but he isn\'t underestimating the home competition. "Jason Gardener and Mark Lewis-Francis are Olympic gold medallists now and I\'m sure they\'ll be aiming to win in front of their home supporters. "I\'m looking forward to competing against Britain\'s best sprinters and I\'m sure the 60 metres will be one of the most exciting races of the evening." Collins was sixth in the Olympic final in Athens but is hoping for a better result at the World Championships in Finland this summer. "This will be a big year for me and I plan to defend my 100m world title in Helsinki in August. Before then I want to perform well over 60m indoors and start my year in winning form."'), ('Claxton hunting first major medal', 'British hurdler Sarah Claxton is confident she can win her first major medal at next month\'s European Indoor Championships in Madrid.\nThe 25-year-old has already smashed the British record over 60m hurdles twice this season, setting a new mark of 7.96 seconds to win the AAAs title. "I am quite confident," said Claxton. "But I take each race as it comes. "As long as I keep up my training but not do too much I think there is a chance of a medal." Claxton has won the national 60m hurdles title for the past three years but has struggled to translate her domestic success to the international stage. Now, the Scotland-born athlete owns the equal fifth-fastest time in the world this year. And at last week\'s Birmingham Grand Prix, Claxton left European medal favourite Russian Irina Shevchenko trailing in sixth spot.\nFor the first time, Claxton has only been preparing for a campaign over the hurdles - which could explain her leap in form. In previous seasons, the 25-year-old also contested the long jump but since moving from Colchester to London she has re-focused her attentions. Claxton will see if her new training regime pays dividends at the European Indoors which take place on 5-6 March.'), ('Kluft impressed by Sotherton form', 'Olympic heptathlon champion Carolina Kluft was full of admiration for Britain\'s Kelly Sotherton as the pair prepared to clash in Birmingham.\nBoth will be in action on Friday in the 60m hurdles and long jump ahead of the European Indoor Championships later this month in Madrid. Sotherton finished third behind the Swede in Athens, and Kluft said: "I knew about her, she\'s a great girl. "She looked very good early in the season and was competing really well." Kluft showed impressive early-season form on Tuesday in Stockholm\'s GE Galan meeting, winning the sprint hurdles, the long jump and the 400m. Sotherton has also displayed promise, with a new high jump personal best in Sheffield at the combined Norwich Union European trials and AAA Championships, and a second place in the long jump behind Jade Johnson.'), ('Disappointed Scott in solid start', 'Allan Scott is confident of winning a medal at next week\'s European Indoor Championships after a solid debut on the international circuit.\nThe 22-year-old Scot finished fourth in the 60m hurdles at the Jose M Cagigal Memorial meeting in Madrid. "It was definitely a learning curve and I certainly haven\'t ruled out challenging for a medal next week," said the East Kilbride athlete. The race was won by Felipe Vivancos, who equalled the Spanish record.\nSweden\'s Robert Kronberg was second, with Haiti\'s Dudley Dorival in third. Scott was slightly disappointed with his run in the final. He won his heat in 7.64secs but ran 0.04secs slower in his first IAAF Indoor Grand Prix circuit final. "I should have done better than that," he said. "I felt I could have won it. I got a poor start - but I still felt I should have ran faster." Vivancos slashed his personal best to equal the Spanish record with a time of 7.60secs while Kronberg and Dorival clocked 7.62secs and 7.63secs respectively.'), ('Merritt close to indoor 400m mark', "Teenager LaShawn Merritt ran the third fastest indoor 400m of all time at the Fayetteville Invitational meeting.\nThe world junior champion clocked 44.93 seconds to finish well clear of fellow American Bershawn Jackson in Arkansas. Only Michael Johnson has gone quicker, setting the world record of 44.63secs in 1995 and running 44.66secs in 1996. Kenyan Bernard Lagat missed out on the world record by 1.45secs as he ran the third quickest indoor mile ever to beat Canada's Nate Brannen by almost 10secs. The Olympic silver medallist's time of three minutes 49.89secs was inferior only to the 1997 world record of Moroccan Hicham El Guerrouj and former world record holder Eamonn Coghlan of Ireland's 3:49.78. Lagat was on course to break El Guerrouj's record through 1200m but could not maintain the pace over the final 400m. Ireland's\ncontinued his excellent form by winning a tight 3,000m in 7:40.53. Cragg, who recently defeated Olympic 10,000m champion Kenenisa Bekele in Boston, held off Bekele's Ethiopian colleague Markos Geneti by only 0.19secs to secure his victory. Mark Carroll, who will join Cragg in the European Indoor Championships next month, finished a solid third in 7:46.78. Olympic 200m gold medallist\nof Jamaica ran the fastest women's 60m in the world this year as she equalled her personal best of 7.09secs. World indoor 60m hurdles champion\nalso won, improving his season-leading time to 7.51secs."), ('Blair dismisses quit claim report', 'Tony Blair has dismissed reports he told Gordon Brown he would quit before the next general election.\n"You don\'t do deals over jobs like this," the prime minister told BBC One\'s Breakfast with Frost programme. According to a new book, Brown\'s Britain, Mr Blair went back on a pledge to make way for Mr Brown after Cabinet allies intervened in June 2004. Mr Blair said the claims were "reheated from six months ago" and that he was concentrating on running the country. Mr Blair said: "I\'ve dealt with this six months ago. I said then you don\'t do deals over jobs like this - you don\'t.\n"What both of us are actually concentrating on are the issues that concern the country." The book, by Sunday Telegraph journalist Robert Peston and serialised in the newspaper, said the pair had "mutual animosity and contempt" for each other.\nIt claims Tony Blair felt by November 2003 he had lost voters\' trust because of the Iraq war and that he was no longer an asset to the Labour Party. And that at a dinner hosted by Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott he told Mr Brown of his intention to stand down. According to Mr Peston the prime minister said: "Help me to get through the year and I will then stand down." But he then changed his mind in June 2004, following intervention from allies in the Cabinet and the suspicion that the chancellor was deliberately manoeuvring against him, according to the book.\nMr Peston told BBC News: "My understanding is that they are not nearly as close or as friendly as they once were. "What the book says is there is now a pretty profound mutual mistrust, mutual animosity. "I think in public you see this double-act pretending everything is alright, but in private I don\'t think the relationship is good because Brown, understandably, feels deeply betrayed - particularly over this issue of the leadership." But, in a wide-ranging BBC interview covering issues such as the Asian tsunami disaster, the Middle East peace process and Northern Ireland, Mr Blair said: "When you get to the top in politics you get this huge swell around you. "All sorts of people make all sorts of claims and counter-claims." He admitted to a "sense of frustration" about the allegations which he said had been made "countless times".\nThere has been fresh speculation of a rift recently, following their separate responses to the Asian tsunami. These rumours were fuelled by Mr Blair\'s decision to hold his monthly media conference at the same time as a long-planned speech by Mr Brown on UK plans to tackle global poverty with a new "Marshall Plan" for Africa. There was speculation the pair were trying to outdo each other\'s response to the disaster. But the prime minister said he had discussed these claims with the chancellor and dismissed them as a "load of nonsense". Former welfare minister Frank Field MP said the prime minister should sack Mr Brown, but did not believe Mr Blair was strong enough to do so.\nTory leader Michael Howard accused the prime minister and Mr Brown of "squabbling like schoolboys". He told Sky News\' Sunday with Adam Boulton: "This is the politics of the playground and Britain really does deserve better." The Liberal Democrat parliamentary chairman Matthew Taylor said the personal ambition of Mr Blair and Mr Brown was "getting in the way of good government". "Either they need to grow up and put their squabbles to one side or they cannot expect the electorate to support a divided government at the next election." During the interview Mr Blair also said the former home secretary David Blunkett would play a "big role" at the general election.'), ("Blair 'said he would stand down'", 'Tony Blair promised Gordon Brown he would stand down before the next election, a new book about the chancellor claims.\nBut the prime minister changed his mind following intervention from allies in the Cabinet, according to the book. The book by Sunday Telegraph journalist Robert Peston said the pair had "mutual animosity and contempt" for each other. The book, Brown\'s Britain, said Tony Blair felt by November 2003 he had lost voters\' trust.\nThe author\'s sources, all unnamed "allies" of Mr Blair and Mr Brown, said the prime minister felt the Iraq war had undermined him and that he was no longer an asset to the Labour Party.\nThe book, serialised in the Sunday Telegraph, alleges that Mr Blair told the chancellor at a dinner hosted by deputy PM John Prescott in November 2003 of his intention to stand down. "At that stage he saw Gordon Brown and said, \'look you are the next most influential member of the government, I need your help to get through the next year," Mr Peston said. "I myself recognise that I\'m going to have to stand down before the election but help me to get through the year and I will then stand down.\'" But he changed his mind in June 2004, following intervention from allies in the Cabinet and the suspicion that the chancellor was deliberately manoeuvring against him, the book claims.\nMr Peston told BBC News: "My understanding is that they are not nearly as close or as friendly as they once were. "What the book says is there now a pretty profound mutual mistrust, mutual animosity. "I think in public you see this double act pretending everything is alright but in private I don\'t think the relationship is good because Brown, understandably, feels deeply betrayed - particularly over this issue of the leadership." There has been fresh speculation of a rift recently, following their separate responses to the Asian tsunami. Rumours of a rift were fuelled by the sudden decision to hold Mr Blair\'s monthly media conference at the same time as a long-planned speech by Mr Brown on UK plans to tackle global poverty with a new "Marshall Plan" for Africa. There was speculation the pair were trying to outdo each other\'s response to the disaster.\nFormer welfare minister Frank Field MP criticised the reported rivalry between the pair on GMTV\'s Sunday Programme.\n"What sort of model does it give to the nation when the two most important political leaders do nothing but fight it out together or use their aides to fight it out?" the Labour MP for Birkenhead asked. He said the prime minister should sack Mr Brown, but did not believe Mr Blair was strong enough to do so. Conservative policy co-ordinator David Cameron, MP for Witney, added: "If it wasn\'t so serious it would be funny. "But it is serious - you\'ve got the two most senior people in the government not concentrating on fighting crime, poverty or dirty hospitals - they are fighting each other." Carol Walker, BBC News 24 political correspondent, added: "There is a real concern that this could undermine the general election campaign. "And clearly it is very bad news for the government at a time when it is trying to explain what it is doing to respond to the terrible problems thrown up by the tsunami disaster."'), ('Blair dismisses quit claim report', 'Tony Blair has dismissed reports he told Gordon Brown he would quit before the next general election.\n"You don\'t do deals over jobs like this," the prime minister told BBC One\'s Breakfast with Frost programme. According to a new book, Brown\'s Britain, Mr Blair went back on a pledge to make way for Mr Brown after Cabinet allies intervened in June 2004. Mr Blair said the claims were "reheated from six months ago" and that he was concentrating on running the country. Mr Blair said: "I\'ve dealt with this six months ago. I said then you don\'t do deals over jobs like this - you don\'t.\n"What both of us are actually concentrating on are the issues that concern the country." The book, by Sunday Telegraph journalist Robert Peston and serialised in the newspaper, said the pair had "mutual animosity and contempt" for each other.\nIt claims Tony Blair felt by November 2003 he had lost voters\' trust because of the Iraq war and that he was no longer an asset to the Labour Party. And that at a dinner hosted by Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott he told Mr Brown of his intention to stand down. According to Mr Peston the prime minister said: "Help me to get through the year and I will then stand down." But he then changed his mind in June 2004, following intervention from allies in the Cabinet and the suspicion that the chancellor was deliberately manoeuvring against him, according to the book.\nMr Peston told BBC News: "My understanding is that they are not nearly as close or as friendly as they once were. "What the book says is there is now a pretty profound mutual mistrust, mutual animosity. "I think in public you see this double-act pretending everything is alright, but in private I don\'t think the relationship is good because Brown, understandably, feels deeply betrayed - particularly over this issue of the leadership." But, in a wide-ranging BBC interview covering issues such as the Asian tsunami disaster, the Middle East peace process and Northern Ireland, Mr Blair said: "When you get to the top in politics you get this huge swell around you. "All sorts of people make all sorts of claims and counter-claims." He admitted to a "sense of frustration" about the allegations which he said had been made "countless times".\nThere has been fresh speculation of a rift recently, following their separate responses to the Asian tsunami. These rumours were fuelled by Mr Blair\'s decision to hold his monthly media conference at the same time as a long-planned speech by Mr Brown on UK plans to tackle global poverty with a new "Marshall Plan" for Africa. There was speculation the pair were trying to outdo each other\'s response to the disaster. But the prime minister said he had discussed these claims with the chancellor and dismissed them as a "load of nonsense". Former welfare minister Frank Field MP said the prime minister should sack Mr Brown, but did not believe Mr Blair was strong enough to do so.\nTory leader Michael Howard accused the prime minister and Mr Brown of "squabbling like schoolboys". He told Sky News\' Sunday with Adam Boulton: "This is the politics of the playground and Britain really does deserve better." The Liberal Democrat parliamentary chairman Matthew Taylor said the personal ambition of Mr Blair and Mr Brown was "getting in the way of good government". "Either they need to grow up and put their squabbles to one side or they cannot expect the electorate to support a divided government at the next election." During the interview Mr Blair also said the former home secretary David Blunkett would play a "big role" at the general election.'), ('Britain boosted by Holmes double', "Athletics fans endured a year of mixed emotions in 2004 as stunning victories went hand-in-hand with disappointing defeats and more drugs scandals.\nKelly Holmes finally fulfilled her potential by storming to double gold on the track at the Olympic Games. Holmes helped erase the gloom hanging over Team GB after their biggest medal hope, Paula Radcliffe, dropped out of the marathon and then the 10,000m. Britain's men's 4x100m relay team also did their bit by taking a shock gold. Holmes had started the year in disappointing style, falling over in the final of 1500m at the World Indoor Championships where she was favourite. Her Olympic build-up was clouded by self doubt but that proved unfounded as she overhauled rival Maria Mutola to win the 800m - her first global title. Just five days later, the 34-year-old made it double gold in the 1500m. It was the first time in 84 years a Briton has achieved the Olympic middle-distance double. While Holmes left Athens as the star of Team GB, it was Radcliffe who carried expectations before the August Games.\nThe 30-year-old marathon world record holder went into the Athens event as favourite but an exhausted Radcliffe dropped out after 23 miles in tears. Her decision to enter the 10,000m five days later also backfired as she again pulled out with eight laps remaining.\nBut Radcliffe helped put her Olympic trauma behind her with a thrilling win in November's New York Marathon. The 4x100m team grabbed some last-gasp glory for the British men's Olympic squad after a poor start to the Games.\nIt seemed as though Athens would be the first Games where the men would fail to win a medal with Michael East the only individual track finalist in the 1500m. But Darren Campell, Jason Gardener, Marlon Devonish and Mark Lewis-Francis made amends in the sprint relay. The quartet held off favourites the USA to win Britain's first relay medal since 1912 in 38.07 seconds. Gardener added the Olympic relay crown to his World Indoor title over 60m and, just like Holmes, finally lived up to his promise in 2004. Kelly Sotherton completed Team GB's athletics medal haul in Athens with a surprise bronze in the heptathlon. The 28-year-old won her first championship medal since becoming a full-time athlete in 2003.\nBut it was a different story for Britain's defending champion Denise Lewis, who withdrew on day two of the competition after some poor results. Lewis, who was troubled by injury, has ruled out retiring while Sotherton is tipped to build on her success. The Athens Olympics proved to be a landmark occasion for Steve Backley, who retired from competition after finishing fourth in the javelin. The battling 35-year-old leaves the sport with a vast medal haul including two silvers and one Olympic bronze.\nAnd Backley's departure was balanced by the return of injury-hit decathlete Dean Macey, who came fourth in Athens.\nThe continued improvement of sprinter Abi Oyepitan and long jumper Chris Tomlinson also boosted Team GB. Sadly, the 2004 Olympics did not escape the problems of drugs misuse. On the eve of the Games, Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou missed a drugs test and claimed to have been involved in a road crash.\nKenteris, the 200m champion in 2000, and Thanou have since been charged by the Greek authorities and await trial. At the Games, Adrian Annus (hammer), Robert Fazelas (discus) and Irina Korzhanenko (shot) were all stripped of their titles because of doping issues. Hungarian compatriots Annus and Fazelas both refused to give urine samples while Russian Korzhanenko tested positive for the steroid stanozolol.\nThe fallout from the THG scandal, which rocked the sport in 2003, continued to impact in Olympic year. Britain's 4x100m team took gold without the services of Dwain Chambers, who was handed a two-year ban in February after testing positive for steroid THG.\nAmerican Kelli White was suspended and stripped of her world 100m and 200m titles after failing a drugs test. And world 400m champion Jerome Young landed a life ban from US chiefs after a second doping offence. Russian pole vaulter Yelena Isinbayeva provided some light relief by smashing the world record seven times on her way to the World Indoor and Olympic titles. Her rivalry with compatriot Svetlana Feofanova livened up the field events. Morocco's Hicham El Guerrouj also delighted fans by racing to a historic Olympic double in the 1500m and 5,000m.\nAnd though there was no Paula Radcliffe in the London Marathon, there was plenty of drama as Kenyans Evans Rutto and Margaret Okayo took the titles. Rutto held on to win despite slipping on some cobblestones and tumbling into a barrier. Okayo also had to battle back after mistiming her tactics but clinched victory on her debut."), ('Consumers drive French economy', 'France\'s economic growth accelerated in the last three months of 2004, driven by consumer spending, a report shows.\nGross domestic product (GDP) rose by 0.8% in the fourth quarter compared with the previous three month period, the statistical office INSEE said. That expansion pushed annual growth to 2.3%, the fastest rate in two years. Consumer spending was up by 1.2% in the fourth quarter, and there also was a rebound in business investment that gave the recovery an extra shove.\nAnalysts warned that France still was facing challenges and was unlikely to keep expanding at its current pace.\n"France still has a strong economic growth," said Marc Toutai, an economist at Natexis Banques Populaires. "But, if we check the figures in detail, there\'s a problem." "Consumer spending is still high. But French households have spent their savings to consume. "France can\'t sustain a high growth rate without an improvement in the job market. There\'s too much of a gap between growth and employment." Unemployment levels are currently stuck at about 10%, and is proving difficult to bring down despite government efforts. Another worry is that demand in Germany and Italy, two of France\'s main trading partners, is sluggish.\nDespite the concerns, analysts pointed out that France was outperforming the majority of its European counterparts and that its economy was looking more robust than in previous years. As well as strong domestic demand, exports climbed by 1.3% in the fourth quarter - the biggest increase in foreign sales for a year. "It\'s an economic growth that seems well balanced," said Nicolas Claquin, an analyst at CCF. "In the beginning of 2004, growth was mainly driven by consumer spending. Here it gets contributions from investment and exports, though household consumption is still strong. "But we expect overall economic growth to fall to 2.0 percent in 2005."'), ('Industrial output falls in Japan', 'Japanese industrial output fell in October while unemployment rose, casting further doubt on the strength of the country\'s economic recovery.\nProduction dropped 1.6% in October, reflecting a decline in exports, while unemployment levels edged up 0.1% to 4.7%, slightly higher than forecast. The economy has grown for six quarters but growth slowed dramatically in the last quarter amid weaker global demand. Japan\'s government remains optimistic due to strong domestic demand.\nAnalysts had been forecasting a 0.1% rise in month on month industrial output.\nAccording to figures from the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI), the decline was led by a fall in demand for electronic parts for mobile phones and digital televisions. Although inventories fell 0.7% month on month, they were 36% higher than a year ago. "It\'s a sign that the economy\'s adjustment phase is stronger than expected," said Takashi Yamanaka, an economist with UFJ Bank. Japan downgraded its overall economic assessment earlier this month for the first time in a year.\nGrowth slowed to 0.3% in the quarter ending September 30, down from 6.3% in the first quarter of 2004. Experts believe the economy -which stagnated for most of the 1990s -may be entering a softer patch on the back of rising oil prices and the falling dollar. Japanese government officials played down the latest data, arguing that domestic consumer demand was still resilient. "The outlook for November is positive so I don\'t think one can say that conditions have worsened just because of the fall in October," said a METI official. Despite the rise in unemployment, jobless figures are still some way below historical highs of recent years. The comparatively weak economic date preyed on shares with the Nikkei down 1% in afternoon trade.'), ('Henman to face Saulnier test', 'British number one Tim Henman will face France\'s Cyril Saulnier in the first round of next week\'s Australian Open.\nGreg Rusedski, the British number two, is in the same quarter of the draw and could face Andy Roddick in the second round if he beats Swede Jonas Bjorkman. Local favourite Lleyton Hewitt will meet France\'s Arnaud Clement, while defending champion and world number one Roger Federer faces Fabrice Santoro. Women\'s top seed Lindsay Davenport drew Spanish veteran Conchita Martinez.\nHenman came from two sets down to defeat Saulnier in the first round of the French Open last year, so he knows he faces a tough test in Melbourne. The seventh seed, who has never gone beyond the quarter-finals in the year\'s first major and is lined up to meet Roddick in the last eight, is looking forward to the match. "He\'s tough player on any surface, he\'s got a lot of ability," he said. "We had a really tight one in Paris that went my way so I\'m going to need to play well from the outset because he\'s a dangerous competitor." Switzerland\'s Federer, seeded one, is the hot favourite having won three of the four grand slam titles in 2004. He has beaten Santoro in five of their seven previous encounters, but is taking nothing for granted. "It\'s a tricky match," Federer said. "I played him at the US Open and won quite comfortably then. But you never know, if the rhythm is a bit off, he can keep you guessing and make it difficult. "The most important thing, though, is to get used to playing five-set matches and winning them." The 23-year-old could meet four-time champion Andre Agassi in the quarter-finals before meeting Russian Marat Safin, the player he beat in last year\'s final.\nEighth-seeded American Agassi is set to play a qualifier in round one if he can shake off a hip injury which ruled him out of the Kooyong Classic. Second seed Andy Roddick will open his campaign against Irakli Labadze of Georgia. The American could meet Rusedski in the second round, seventh seed Henman in the quarter-finals and Hewitt in the last four. Hewitt is hoping to become the first Australian man to win the event since Mark Edmondson in 1976. The 23-year-old has never been beyond round four in eight attempts at Melbourne Park but has at least secured the opposite half of the draw to Federer, who beat him in the Australian Open, Wimbledon and US Open last year. Safin, seeded four, opens his campaign against a qualifier with 16th seed Tommy Haas, the player he beat in the semi-finals in 2002, a possible fourth-round opponent.\nIn the women\'s draw, Davenport could encounter eighth-seeded Venus Williams in the quarter-finals and third-ranked Anastasia Myskina, the French Open champion, in the semi-finals. Bronchitis ruled Davenport, the 2000 Australian Open champion, out of her Sydney quarter-final on Thursday. Venus Williams, who lost to younger sister Serena in the Melbourne final two years ago, opens against Eleni Daniilidou of Greece. Serena Williams, who won her fourth consecutive grand slam at the 2003 Australian Open, was drawn in the bottom quarter with second seed Amelie Mauresmo, a runner-up in 1999. Serena will open against another Frenchwoman Camille Pin, while Mauresmo plays Australia\'s Samantha Stosur. Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova, seeded fourth, drew a qualifier in the first round but could meet fellow Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova, the US Open winner, in the last eight\n1 Roger Federer (Switzerland)\n2 Andy Roddick (US)\n3 Lleyton Hewitt (Australia)\n4 Marat Safin (Russia)\n5 Carlos Moya (Spain)\n6 Guillermo Coria (Argentina)\n7 Tim Henman (Britain)\n8 Andre Agassi (US)\n9 David Nalbandian (Argentina)\n10 Gaston Gaudio (Argentina)\n11 Joachim Johansson (Sweden)\n12 Guillermo Canas (Argentina)\n13 Tommy Robredo (Spain)\n14 Sebastien Grosjean (France)\n15 Mikhail Youzhny (Russia)\n16 Tommy Haas (Germany)\n17 Andrei Pavel (Romania)\n18 Nicolas Massu (Chile)\n19 Vincent Spadea (US)\n20 Dominik Hrbaty (Slovakia)\n21 Nicolas Kiefer (Germany)\n22 Ivan Ljubicic (Croatia)\n23 Fernando Gonzalez (Chile)\n24 Feliciano Lopez (Spain)\n25 Juan Ignacio Chela (Argentina)\n26 Nikolay Davydenko (Russia)\n27 Paradorn Srichaphan (Thailand)\n28 Mario Ancic (Croatia)\n29 Taylor Dent (US)\n30 Thomas Johansson (Sweden)\n31 Juan Carlos Ferrero (Spain)\n32 Jurgen Melzer (Austria)\n1 Lindsay Davenport (US)\n2 Amelie Mauresmo (France)\n3 Anastasia Myskina (Russia)\n4 Maria Sharapova (Russia)\n5 Svetlana Kuznetsova (Russia)\n6 Elena Dementieva (Russia)\n7 Serena Williams (US)\n8 Venus Williams (US)\n9 Vera Zvonareva (Russia)\n10 Alicia Molik (Australia)\n11 Nadia Petrova (Russia)\n12 Patty Schnyder (Switzerland)\n13 Karolina Sprem (Croatia)\n14 Francesca Schiavone (Italy)\n15 Silvia Farina Elia (Italy)\n16 Ai Sugiyama (Japan)\n17 Fabiola Zuluaga (Colombia)\n18 Elena Likhovtseva (Russia)\n19 Nathalie Dechy (France)\n20 Tatiana Golovin (France)\n21 Amy Frazier (US)\n22 Magdalena Maleeva (Bulgaria)\n23 Jelena Jankovic (Serbia and Montenegro)\n24 Mary Pierce (France)\n25 Lisa Raymond (US)\n26 Daniela Hantuchova (Slovakia)\n27 Anna Smashnova (Israel)\n28 Shinobu Asagoe (Japan)\n29 Gisela Dulko (Argentina)\n30 Flavia Pennetta (Italy)\n31 Jelena Kostanic (Croatia)\n32 Iveta Benesova (Czech Republic)'), ('Blair to face MPs amid feud talk', 'Tony Blair faces his first prime minister\'s questions of 2005 after a week of renewed speculation about his relationship with Gordon Brown.\nMeanwhile, the chancellor is leaving Britain on a high-profile tour of Africa to highlight poverty issues. But before doing so, he insisted he still trusted Mr Blair, despite claims to the contrary in a new book. Labour MPs have warned against disunity and Tory leader Michael Howard may well take up the theme in the Commons. The Tories have already accused the prime minister and his chancellor of behaving like "schoolboys squabbling in a playground".\nMichael Howard is likely to want to capitalise further on the spat when he goes head-to-head with the prime minister in the Commons. At a campaign poster launch on Tuesday, Mr Brown was joined by Alan Milburn, who Mr Blair controversially put in charge of election planning in place of the chancellor.\nLater this week the prime minister is due to set out the themes of his party\'s next election manifesto, which for the past two polls have been drawn up by the chancellor. Mr Brown, meanwhile, is visiting Tanzania, Mozambique and Kenya to highlight the plight of many Africans hit by Aids, war and famine - issues which Mr Blair has also spoken out on. The prime minister and chancellor faced backbench discontent at Monday\'s meeting of the Parliamentary Labour Party over claims made in journalist Robert Peston\'s new book. Mr Blair told MPs and peers: "I know from everyone here, in Cabinet and government, nothing is going to get in the way of a unified Labour Party with a unified position and winning the third term people desperately need." Labour\'s Paul Flynn said the pair had had a "scorching" from MPs.\nOn Tuesday, Deputy Prime Minister Mr Prescott told BBC News: "They told us very clearly, it was the troops telling the leaders: get in line." The new book claims Mr Prescott hosted a dinner in November 2003 where the prime minister told Mr Brown he would stand down before the next election because he had lost trust over the Iraq war. Mr Blair then changed his mind in June 2004, after Cabinet allies intervened and amid suspicion the chancellor was manoeuvring against him, writes Mr Peston. In Mr Peston\'s book Mr Brown is alleged to have told the prime minister: "There is nothing you could ever say to me now that I could ever believe."'), ('Could rivalry overshadow election?', 'Tony Blair and Gordon Brown are desperately trying to stuff the genie of their rivalry back into the bottle.\nAlong with any number of senior cabinet colleagues, they are insisting their only job is to win the next election and govern in the best interests of Britain. It is a message they are aiming directly at their backbenchers who are becoming irritated and even unnerved by the continuing claims and counter claims surrounding this alleged rift. Ian Gibson, for example, urged the two men to stop squabbling, declaring: "For goodness sake, sometimes you have to rise above petulance and make sure that you do your job as effectively as you can." Those with slim majorities are particularly fearful that the rift could hit their own hopes of re-election. Tony Blair will seek to reassure Labour MPs on Monday evening at their first meeting of the new year at Westminster - a behind-closed doors meeting which Gordon Brown is thought likely to also attend to show unity.\nMeanwhile the likes of Health Secretary John Reid and Labour peer Lord Haskins are warning of the electoral dangers of allowing this soap opera to continue. And they have both warned the rival camps to stop spreading the poison. Lord Haskins even suggested Mr Blair should reinstate Mr Brown as the central figure in the election planning.\nBut this particular genie is unusually reluctant to return to captivity and many fear it is simply too late to repair the damage. They believe they will be fighting the next election with the sounds of open warfare between the two men ringing in their ears. And it matters little whether the rift is real or, as some try to suggest, simply the product of newspaper headlines and Westminster gossip. Few in Westminster actually believe that, simply because the evidence appears to contradict it.\nFor example, the weekend\'s attempts by both men to play down the divisions failed to do the trick. Even as they were both insisting on their unity of purpose and claiming they would not be swayed by newspaper stories, they still managed to stir the speculation with their comments.\nMr Blair talked about the "New" Labour manifesto - a move which seemed calculated to irritate the chancellor, who has long rejected the label. And Mr Brown pointedly refused to deny claims the prime minister had reneged on a deal to hand him the premiership last year. That claim was repeated in Robert Peston\'s book, a book which amply demonstrates this corrosive Downing Street soap opera is nowhere near its final act.\nFor his part, Mr Brown insists his only motivation was to get Labour re-elected.\nThe trouble is, both men have fallen short of offering simple, straightforward denials of the central claims. So they have both been accused of actually making matters worse by feeding the speculation with their own behaviour. The first thing to be said is that these suggestions have not come from nowhere. They started with and are sustained by "friends" of the two men. One only had to listen to the chancellor\'s friend and former spin chief Charlie Whelan last week to understand that there is a real anger from this camp at the prime minister\'s apparent attempts to confound Mr Brown\'s leadership ambitions. But it is not just public pronouncements from ex-aides.\nThere are whispered briefings to selected journalists from both sides. It is no secret in Westminster, for example, that Downing Street believes the chancellor is indulging in a mammoth sulk and acting in a petty and deliberately provocative manner.\nThen there are the actions of the men themselves. Gordon Brown sets out what is seen as a rival manifesto then appears to embark on his own personal campaign. The prime minister responds by scheduling his monthly press conference to clash with a keynote speech by the chancellor. Meanwhile large numbers of backbench MPs insist voters are either entirely uninterested in the chatter, which they believe is a media-only obsession, or that they fear for the efficient running of a government beset by such rivalry. Either way, there is universal agreement that if this goes on through the general election it can only do the Labour party serious damage. There are signs that the two men appreciate the dangers and both want to put a lid on all the speculation. But with probably only four months to the next election, that looks like being a particularly difficult trick to pull off.'), ('Brown in appeal for Labour unity', 'Gordon Brown has made an appeal for unity after reports claimed Mr Blair went back on a pledge to stand down before the next general election.\nThe chancellor would not comment on the reports, but insisted he would not be "diverted or distracted" from tackling the challenges faced by the country. His only "motivation" was to ensure Labour was re-elected, he insisted. Mr Blair earlier dismissed the claim he had reneged on a promise to stand aside for Gordon Brown as old news. According to a new book, Brown\'s Britain by Sunday Telegraph journalist Robert Peston, Mr Blair went back on a pledge to make way for Mr Brown after Cabinet allies intervened in June 2004.\nIn an interview with BBC One\'s Breakfast with Frost, Mr Blair said: "I\'ve dealt with this six months ago. I said then you don\'t do deals over jobs like this - you don\'t. "What both of us are actually concentrating on are the issues that concern the country."\nIn a separate interview with BBC political editor Andrew Marr, Mr Brown said: "It\'s very important that we all do what we can in a unified way to ensure the election of a Labour government. "I think it is very important to stress that that is the motivation that I have. "That is my purpose in politics, and that is what every day I seek to do. And I am not going to be diverted or distracted, nor is Tony Blair, by newspaper stories or books or rumours or gossip. "The only reason why we are in government is to get on with the job in a unified way to deal with the challenges facing this country." Mr Brown also said he had discussed the general election campaign with the prime minister on Saturday and pledged to play his part as he had been asked to do.\nBut Mr Peston said the pair had "mutual animosity and contempt" for each other and that Mr Blair had decided in November 2003 he would quit because he felt he had lost voters\' trust because of the Iraq war. He then changed his mind in June 2004, following intervention from allies in the Cabinet and the suspicion that the chancellor was deliberately manoeuvring against him, according to the book. Andrew Marr said: "This is enormously damaging. Gordon Brown knows it as well as Tony Blair. "I think the relationship is genuinely, privately, very poor indeed. Things are very difficult." He added: "Lots of ministers believe Tony Blair will attempt to move Gordon Brown out of the Treasury after the election. "That depends on whether there\'s still a Labour government and their majority."\nSenior MPs are expected to raise concerns about the latest reports of infighting at the regular meeting of Labour backbenchers on Monday.\nHealth Secretary John Reid said those fuelling such reports were damaging Labour\'s re-election chances and would not be easily forgiven. Fresh speculation of a rift recently followed Mr Blair and Mr Brown\'s separate responses to the Asian tsunami. These rumours were fuelled by Mr Blair\'s decision to hold his monthly media conference at the same time as a long-planned speech by Mr Brown on UK plans to tackle global poverty with a new "Marshall Plan" for Africa. There was speculation the pair were trying to outdo each other\'s response to the disaster. But the prime minister said he had discussed these claims with the chancellor and dismissed them as a "load of nonsense". Tory leader Michael Howard accused the prime minister and Mr Brown of"squabbling like schoolboys". Liberal Democrat parliamentary chairman Matthew Taylor said the personal ambition of Mr Blair and Mr Brown was "getting in the way of good government".'), ('Blair pledges unity to Labour MPs', 'Tony Blair has sought to reassure Labour backbenchers that nothing will stand in the way of the party\'s bid for a third term in power.\nMr Blair was speaking to MPs amid fresh rumours of a rift with Gordon Brown. A new book says the prime minister went back on a pledge to Mr Brown to stand down before the next general election. The chancellor has said he is focused on winning the poll and is due to join election supremo Alan Milburn for a Labour poster launch this week. Mr Blair told the Parliamentary Labour Party (PLP) on Monday: "I know from everyone here, in Cabinet and government, nothing is going to get in the way of a unified Labour Party with a unified position and winning the third term people desperately need." The prime minister and his chancellor arrived within seconds of each other and seemingly in good spirits at the start of the meeting which lasted around an hour. A new book, Brown\'s Britain by Sunday Telegraph journalist Robert Peston, says Mr Blair went back on a pledge to make way for Mr Brown after Cabinet allies intervened in June 2004.\nIt has caused a new wave of concern among Labour MPs gearing up to defend their seats in an election, widely expected to be held in May, and several members are understood to have lined up to express their discontent at the PLP meeting. Health Secretary John Reid earlier warned that Labour members would not easily forgive anybody fuelling damaging speculation. He told BBC News: "Those who co-operate or inspire these books, in my view, have to know that, whatever the short-term political or personal advantage that they think they might secure, they always do it by damaging the record, the unity and the re-election chances of the Labour Party and the government." Mr Blair on Sunday dismissed claims of broken promises, saying: "I\'ve dealt with this six months ago. I said then you don\'t do deals over jobs like this - you don\'t."\nIn a separate BBC interview, Mr Brown said he and the prime minister would not be distracted by "gossip". "It\'s very important that we all do what we can in a unified way to ensure the election of a Labour government," he said.\nOn Monday, Mr Blair\'s spokesman said: "The prime minister is determined that he will get on with the business of government because he believes that what people want." Mr Brown says he discussed the election campaign with Mr Blair on Saturday and promised to play his part.\nMr Peston said the pair had "mutual animosity and contempt". Mr Blair had decided in November 2003 he would quit because he felt he had lost voters\' trust because of the Iraq war.\nHe had then changed his mind in June 2004, following intervention from Cabinet allies and suspicion that the chancellor was manoeuvring against him. Mr Brown allegedly said he could no longer believe anything Mr Blair told him. Conservative co-chairman Liam Fox likened the two men to "self-obsessed schoolboys". Liberal Democrat parliamentary chairman Matthew Taylor said their personal ambition was "getting in the way of good government". Ex-Labour leader Neil Kinnock said Mr Blair and Mr Brown could only deal with the media frenzy by continuing to say they would not allow a row to damage Labour or British interests. He told BBC Radio Five Live that Mr Brown would never encourage any kind of insurrection or coup.'), ('Blair and Brown criticised by MPs', 'Labour MPs have angrily criticised Tony Blair and Gordon Brown amid renewed reports of a rift between the two men.\nA meeting of the Parliamentary Labour Party saw a succession of normally loyal members warn that feuding could jeopardise Labour\'s election hopes. The PM insisted nothing would derail Labour\'s campaign, despite a new book saying he has upset his chancellor by backing out of a pledge to stand aside. Mr Brown will again be in the public eye at the party\'s new poster launch. In what the party had hoped would be perceived as a show of unity, he is due to line up alongside Alan Milburn - the man controversially appointed as the party\'s election supremo - and deputy leader John Prescott for the event in London on Tuesday. Relations between Mr Brown and Mr Milburn are widely reported to be cool ever since Mr Blair brought the latter back into the Cabinet to run Labour\'s election campaign, a role successfully carried out by Mr Brown in both 1997 and 2001.\nMr Blair told the Parliamentary Labour Party on Monday: "I know from everyone here, in Cabinet and government, nothing is going to get in the way of a unified Labour Party with a unified position and winning the third term people desperately need."\nThe prime minister and his chancellor arrived within seconds of each other for the meeting of the PLP and were seemingly in good spirits as it started. New speculation about the state of their relationship was sparked by claims in Brown\'s Britain, by Sunday Telegraph journalist Robert Peston, which suggested Mr Blair went back on a pledge to make way for Mr Brown. Labour\'s Paul Flynn said Mr Blair and Mr Brown had a "scorching" from MPs adding: "It was a Parliamentary Labour Party meeting like no other."\nBackbencher Stephen Pound said some MPs had threatend to expose those fuelling the reports if Mr Blair and Mr Brown did not "stop this nonsense, this poisonous briefing". Lord Campbell-Savours, a former MP, challenged Mr Brown to deny reports that he had told the prime minister he did not believe anything he said. Mr Prescott said MPs were entitled to complain about discipline after reading recent press reports.\n"They told us very clearly, it was the troops telling the leaders: get in line," he told BBC Radio 4\'s Today on Tuesday. Mr Prescott said there were occasional disagreements in any government. But he argued Mr Blair and Mr Brown could work successfully together and had produced a strong economy and better public services.\nThe new book claims Mr Prescott hosted a dinner in November 2003 where the prime minister told Mr Brown he would stand down before the next election because he had lost trust over the Iraq war. He had then changed his mind in June 2004, following intervention from Cabinet allies and suspicion that the chancellor was manoeuvring against him, writes Mr Peston. Mr Prescott said there was a dinner but the discussions were confidential. "Of course as a waiter for 10 years I have a professional ability here," he joked. Mr Blair has insisted he has done no deals over the premiership while Mr Brown says he will not let "gossip" distract him from helping a unified election campaign. The Conservatives say the two men are behaving like squabbling schoolboys and the Liberal Democrats claim personal ambition is obstructing good government.'), ("Labour MPs' fears over squabbling", 'If there is one thing certain to stiffen the spines of Labour MPs it is the prospect of losing their seats at a general election.\nAnd it was largely that fear that led to Tony Blair and Gordon Brown being read the riot act during a meeting of the parliamentary Labour party. The views expressed by both backbenchers and Labour peers over the claimed squabbling between the two men starkly demonstrated the widely-held view within the Labour party that the two most powerful figures in the government are jeopardising the next election. As one hugely-disgruntled backbencher said before the meeting: "It is time they realised it\'s not just my seat they are threatening but if they go on like this they could put the election in doubt." It is a sentiment that is now running throughout the Labour benches with MPs eager to underline the message to their leaders to stop the squabbling and get on with the job at hand.\nAs Paul Flynn said: "What has deeply upset the party is in this time of all times, when we wanted to come together, we wanted to lead on the global issues, to change politics for the next decade, the whole thing was wrecked by a piece of childishness by the two main people in the party, two people we greatly respect."\nStephen Pound echoed the message, saying: "We know that the one thing that could entirely jeopardise what we are trying to achieve, not for the Labour Party but for this country, is the appearance of division. We remember the 1980s". They backed the suggestion that unless the squabbling stopped, the people briefing on behalf of the two men would be "named and shamed". The dressing down appears to have done the trick, with Mr Brown joining his alleged rival Alan Milburn - who the prime minister put in charge of election planning in Mr Brown\'s stead - and Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott at an election poster launch. But the effect of all this is to have achieved two things. Firstly, nobody is attempting to suggest any more that the stories of the rift between the chancellor and the prime minister are fictions created by the media and authors. Even Mr Prescott admitted that, had he still been a backbencher, he would have been giving Mr Blair and Mr Brown the same message.\nSecondly it has also underlined the view that the election campaign has, to all intents and purposes, kicked off. But whether the telling off and the subsequent change in behaviour by the two men will do any good - or can even be sustained through the campaign - remains to be seen.\nEven as the MPs were expressing their fears it emerged that, while Mr Brown is in Africa for a week, the prime minister is to deliver a keynote speech on election themes for a third term. And he is expected to repeat his recent insistence that the next manifesto will be "New" Labour through and through. Similarly, some were pointing out that the chancellor, during the election poster launch, once again refused to deny the claim that he told the prime minister he could never trust anything he said. None the less, what some believe now is that the effect of the warnings from the backbenchers will actually be to silence the Brown camp, effectively strengthening the prime minister\'s hand. For example, will those Brownite briefers suggest their man is unhappy at the prime minister\'s timing or subject matter, as may have been the case in the past? What all seem agreed on, however, is that this sniping simply cannot be allowed to go on through the election campaign. Mind you, we have heard similar pledges before.'), ('Labour seeks to quell feud talk', 'Labour\'s leadership put on a show of unity at a campaign poster launch after MPs criticised Tony Blair and Gordon Brown over reports of their rift.\nMr Brown was joined at the launch by John Prescott and Alan Milburn, the man controversially put in charge of election planning by Mr Blair. A private meeting on Monday saw normally loyal MPs warn that feuding could jeopardise their election hopes. It follows a new book charting disputes between prime minister and chancellor.\nThe event was the first time Mr Milburn has shared a platform with the chancellor since taking Mr Brown\'s traditional poll planning role. But the pair chatted amicably and Mr Brown insisted he was happy with his current campaign task. Asked about how he would deal with claims that he did not trust the prime minister, Mr Brown replied: "You can see that our record on the economy is about the British people trusting us to run the economy."\nHe refused to comment on the new book, saying nobody should be distracted from the business of government. Mr Brown later told reporters: "Of course I trust the prime minister." Downing Street cited that comment when reporters\' suggested Mr Brown had pointedly failed to deny claims he had once told Mr Blair: "There is nothing you could ever say to me now that I could ever believe". Labour\'s new posters say Britain is enjoying the lowest inflation since the 1960s, lowest unemployment for 29 years and the lowest mortgage rates for 40 years. They urge voters not to let the Tories take things backwards. Mr Milburn promised a poll campaign "which is upbeat, confident and above all else optimistic about the future of our country".\nConservative co-chairman Liam Fox derided the photo call, saying: "The show of unity was the worst acting I have seen since Prisoner Cell Block H." Labour had broken promises by raising taxes 66 times and brought the slowest economic growth in the English-speaking world, he said.\nThe prime minister and chancellor faced backbench discontent at Monday\'s meeting of the Parliamentary Labour Party over claims made in journalist Robert Peston\'s new book. Mr Blair told MPs and peers: "I know from everyone here, in Cabinet and government, nothing is going to get in the way of a unified Labour Party with a unified position and winning the third term people desperately need." Labour\'s Paul Flynn said the pair had had a "scorching" from MPs.\nOn Tuesday, deputy prime minister Mr Prescott told BBC News: "They told us very clearly, it was the troops telling the leaders: get in line." The new book claims Mr Prescott hosted a dinner in November 2003 where the prime minister told Mr Brown he would stand down before the next election because he had lost trust over the Iraq war. Mr Blair then changed his mind in June 2004, after Cabinet allies intervened and amid suspicion the chancellor was manoeuvring against him, writes Mr Peston. Mr Prescott said there was a dinner but the discussions were confidential. "Of course as a waiter for 10 years I have a professional ability here," he joked.'), ('Howard taunts Blair over splits', 'Tony Blair\'s feud with Gordon Brown is damaging the way the UK is governed, Tory leader Michael Howard has claimed in a heated prime minister\'s questions.\nMr Howard asked: "How can they fight crime when they are fighting each other?" That question was later unveiled as the headline for new Tory campaign posters. But Mr Blair dismissed the talk of splits and said people\'s priorities at the next elections would be on the economic successes achieved by Labour. "He can stick up whatever he likes on billboards about something in a book but what the public will concentrate on are the low mortgages, low inflation, low unemployment that we delivered and that he failed to," he said. The chancellor is currently on a high-profile tour of Africa to highlight new anti-poverty plans. But before doing so, he insisted he still trusted Mr Blair, despite claims to the contrary in a new book.\nBrown\'s Britain, by Robert Peston, says there is mutual animosity between the two men. It claims Mr Blair said in November 2003 he would stand down as prime minister before the next election. But he went back on his pledge after support from Cabinet allies and suspicion that Mr Brown was manoeuvring against him, it says.\nMr Peston\'s book claimed that Mr Brown told Mr Blair: "There is nothing you could ever say to me now that I could ever believe." Mr Blair directly denied that quote on Wednesday. He again insisted there could be no deals about the premiership but twice declined directly to say whether or not he had offered to quit.\nThe Tory leader countered that such agreements had been struck twice at dinners with the chancellor. He declared: "He is the deals on meals prime minister. No wonder the chancellor is not a happy eater." He continued: "How can there be discipline in schools when there is no discipline in government, how can they clean up our hospitals when they don\'t clean up their act?" Mr Blair said he would not respond to "tittle tattle in books" and promised to hail Labour\'s record on the economy, waiting lists and law and order "from now until polling day". Later at their poster launch Tory co-chairman Liam Fox said his party would exploit opportunities to show how "juvenile" the prime minister and chancellor were.\nLabour staged a show of unity at its own poster launch on Tuesday, where Mr Brown was joined by Alan Milburn, who Mr Blair controversially put in charge of election planning in place of the chancellor. But Liberal Democrat leader Charles Kennedy told BBC News: "The government is clearly split at the top. This kind of cosmetic exercise does not persuade anybody." Later this week Mr Blair is expected to outline the direction of his party\'s next election manifesto. The prime minister and chancellor faced backbench discontent at Monday\'s meeting of the Parliamentary Labour Party over claims made Mr Peston\'s book.'), ("Donor attacks Blair-Brown 'feud'", 'The reported feud between Tony Blair and Gordon Brown has prompted a Labour donor to say he will almost certainly refuse to give more funds.\nDuncan Bannatyne also attacked the government over Iraq and its "poor" response to the Asian tsunami crisis. His broadside came as ex-Foreign Secretary Robin Cook said he hoped Mr Brown would be premier at some point. Mr Bannatyne has previously given Labour 50,000. He made his fortune from care homes and health clubs.\nThe 52-year-old on Tuesday said was he was reviewing his donations because of Cabinet disunity and international issues. His spokesman said it was highly unlikely he would give Labour more money, although he would remain a supporter and not fund the Conservatives.\nRobert Peston\'s new book has prompted more speculation about the Blair-Brown rift with its claims that the prime minister broke a promise made in 2003 to stand down. Mr Bannatyne said: "Disunity in the Cabinet has a corrosive effect on the country. "Gordon Brown is a great chancellor who has delivered a stable economy, but business wants that to continue and not be blown off course by petty squabbles based on personal ambition." The businessman, whose latest venture is a casino in Newcastle, also voiced concern about the ongoing violence in Iraq.\nAnd he branded the UK government\'s response to the tsunami as "piecemeal and poor". "The people there need practical help not just pledges of money," he said. "The US has forces helping on the ground - we can do more." British Navy ships have helped the relief effort and the prime minister has said the government could ultimately give hundreds of millions of pounds in aid. Mr Bannatyne is due to host a new television programme and is also appearing on BBC2 business start-up programme Dragon\'s Den. But his spokesman insisted his attack on Labour was not a publicity stunt.\nIn a separate development, Robin Cook gave his support to Mr Brown\'s prime ministerial ambitions but told a lunch for political journalists winning the election had to be Labour\'s election. But he insisted the recent squabbles between Mr Blair and Mr Brown were not "perceived as a problem by the voters," adding there was no impression of governmental incompetence. Mr Cook argued that more prominence was given to these matters because there was "not an alternative source of opposition to the government". He warned the "Abstentions Party" was the real challenge to Labour - and they would not be motivated by Mr Blair\'s promise to produce an "unremittingly New Labour" election manifesto. His comments come after Dave Prentis, the leader of Britain\'s biggest union Unison, told the Daily Record newspaper he wants a date to be set for Mr Blair to be replaced as Labour leader.'), ('Australia rates at four year high', 'Australia is raising its benchmark interest rate to its highest level in four years despite signs of a slowdown in the country\'s economy.\nThe Reserve Bank of Australia lifted interest rates 0.25% to 5.5%, their first upwards move in more than a year. However, shortly after the Bank made its decision, new figures showed a fall in economic growth in the last quarter. The Bank said it had acted to curb inflation but the move was criticised by some analysts.\nThe rate hike was the first since December 2003 and had been well-flagged in advance. However, opposition parties and some analysts said the move was ill-timed given data showing the Australian economy grew just 0.1% between October and December and 1.5% on an annual basis.\nThe figures, representing a decline from the 0.2% growth in GDP seen between July and September, were below market expectations. Consumer spending remains strong, however, and the Bank is concerned about growing inflationary pressures. "Over recent months it has become increasingly clear that remaining spare capacity in the labour and goods markets is becoming rather limited," said Ian Macfarlane, Governor of the Reserve Bank.\nAt 2.6%, inflation remains within the Bank\'s 2-3% target range. However, exports declined in the second half of 2004, fuelling a rise in the country\'s current account deficit - the difference in the value of imports compared to exports - to a record Australian dollar 29.4bn. The Australian government said the economy remained strong with unemployment at a near 30 year low. "The economy has been strong and it is properly moderating but it doesn\'t look to me like it\'s slowing in any unreasonable way," said Treasurer Peter Costello. Stock markets had factored in the likelihood of a rate rise but analysts still expressed concern about the strength of the economy. "That 1.5% annual growth rate is the lowest we have seen since the post-election slump we saw back in 2000-1," said Michael Blythe, chief economist at the Commonwealth Bank of Australia. "This suggests the economy really did slow very sharply in the second half of 2004."'), ('Bekele sets sights on world mark', 'Olympic 10,000m champion Kenenisa Bekele is determined to add the world indoor two mile record at February\'s Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham.\nThe 22-year-old will again be chasing a record held by his compatriot and mentor Haile Gebrselassie, who set the mark at the same meeting in 2003. "I am still as hungry to do as much as I can in this sport," said Bekele. "And aiming for the two mile world record in Birmingham is the next of those targets." Gebrselassie\'s current record stands at eight minutes, 04.69 seconds. And Bekele is no stranger to overhauling world marks at the National Indoor Arena. The Ethiopian broke the world indoor 5,000m record on his debut at the meeting last year. Compatriots Mulugeta Wondimu, Abiyote Abate and Markos Geneti, the world indoor bronze medallist over 3000m, will race against Bekele on 18 February. The meet has already attracted a crop of Olympic talent. Britain\'s 800m and 1500m champion Kelly Holmes is taking part in the 1000m. Swedish heptathlon gold medallist Carolina Kluft will contest the 60m hurdles. While men\'s 4x100m relay gold medallists Jason Gardener and Mark Lewis-Francis will go head-to-head in the 60m.'), ('German business confidence slides', 'German business confidence fell in February knocking hopes of a speedy recovery in Europe\'s largest economy.\nMunich-based research institute Ifo said that its confidence index fell to 95.5 in February from 97.5 in January, its first decline in three months. The study found that the outlook in both the manufacturing and retail sectors had worsened. Observers had been hoping that a more confident business sector would signal that economic activity was picking up.\n"We\'re surprised that the Ifo index has taken such a knock," said DZ bank economist Bernd Weidensteiner. "The main reason is probably that the domestic economy is still weak, particularly in the retail trade." Economy and Labour Minister Wolfgang Clement called the dip in February\'s Ifo confidence figure "a very mild decline". He said that despite the retreat, the index remained at a relatively high level and that he expected "a modest economic upswing" to continue.\nGermany\'s economy grew 1.6% last year after shrinking in 2003. However, the economy contracted by 0.2% during the last three months of 2004, mainly due to the reluctance of consumers to spend. Latest indications are that growth is still proving elusive and Ifo president Hans-Werner Sinn said any improvement in German domestic demand was sluggish. Exports had kept things going during the first half of 2004, but demand for exports was then hit as the value of the euro hit record levels making German products less competitive overseas. On top of that, the unemployment rate has been stuck at close to 10% and manufacturing firms, including DaimlerChrysler, Siemens and Volkswagen, have been negotiating with unions over cost cutting measures. Analysts said that the Ifo figures and Germany\'s continuing problems may delay an interest rate rise by the European Central Bank. Eurozone interest rates are at 2%, but comments from senior officials have recently focused on the threat of inflation, prompting fears that interest rates may rise.'), ('Blair stresses prosperity goals', 'Tony Blair says his party\'s next manifesto will be "unremittingly New Labour" and aimed at producing "personal prosperity for all".\nThe prime minister is trying to draw a line under speculation over the state of his relationship with Gordon Brown with the speech in Chatham, Kent. He is saying that prosperity means both individual wealth and ensuring "radically improved" public services. He is also claiming Labour is more ideologically united than ever. Mr Brown is currently touring Africa after a week of facing questions about reports of his splits with Downing Street.\nWith the election widely predicted for May, angry Labour MPs this week warned Mr Blair and Mr Brown about the dangers of disunity. Now Mr Blair is trying to put the focus on the substance of Labour\'s platform for a third term in government. Labour made low inflation, unemployment and mortgage rates the centrepiece of a new poster campaign this week.\nAnd on Thursday Mr Blair is saying: "I want to talk about the central purpose ofNew Labour - which is to increase personal prosperity and well-being, not justfor a few but for all. "By prosperity I mean both the income and wealth of individuals and theirfamilies, and the opportunity and security available to them through radicallyimproved public services and a reformed welfare state."\nThe Tories are trying to capitalise on the apparent feud at the top of government. On Wednesday they unveiled a poster which pictured the prime minister and Mr Brown under the words "How can they fight crime when they are fighting each other?" Michael Howard and frontbencher John Redwood on Thursday launched new plans to abolish hundreds of quangos. They say government is spending too much and lower taxes are needed to make Britain more competitive.\nThe Liberal Democrats have also claimed infighting its obstructing good government. The latest speculation about relations between New Labour\'s two most powerful figures came after the publication of a new book, Brown\'s Britain by Robert Preston. In it he alleges that Mr Blair told Mr Brown in 2003 he would step down as prime minister before the coming general election. The book claims the premier went back on his pledge after support from Cabinet allies and suspicion that Mr Brown was manoeuvring against him. Mr Peston\'s book claimed that Mr Brown told Mr Blair: "There is nothing you could ever say to me now that I could ever believe." On Wednesday Mr Blair directly denied Mr Brown made that quote, and before he left for Africa on Tuesday the chancellor told reporters: "Of course I trust the prime minister."'), ('Brown and Blair face new rift claims', 'For the umpteenth time, Tony Blair and Gordon Brown are said to have declared all out war on each other.\nThis time the alleged rift is over who should take the credit for the government\'s global aid and debt initiatives, particularly in the wake of the tsunami disaster - an issue many hoped and believed was above such things. It dominated the prime minister\'s monthly news conference, which saw Mr Blair start in full irritation mode as he was forced to bat away question after question about his relationship with his neighbour. As he told journalists: "I am not interested in what goes in and out of newspapers. There is a complete unity of purpose." And he again heaped praise on Mr Brown saying he was doing a great job, and would continue doing it - although he would not commit to any job for Mr Brown after the election.\nSo why did he arrange his press conference at the last moment so it coincided with Mr Brown\'s long-arranged keynote speech on aid and debt, he was asked? By now Mr Blair had moved from irritation mode to his barely disguised fury setting. He snapped back that the hacks knew very well what the operational reasons were for the timing of his press conference. Well, not really, as it happens.\nAnd he repeated what a great man Gordon was and how united they were, before again sneering that he took absolutely no notice of what went in and out of the newspapers, preferring to get on with the job of doing the best for the country and the world. Although in the next breath he declared: "I get increasingly alarmed by what I read in the newspapers" before catching himself on and quickly adding: "In so far as I read them of course." He probably had good reason to be alarmed because the newspapers had been full of stories about the claimed open warfare between the two men.\nAs far as the timing of the prime minister\'s press conference is concerned, there are two options. The first is that it was a calculated attempt to upstage the chancellor and seize back the initiative on the big issue of the moment. If that is the case it suggests that even the fear of seriously negative newspaper headlines is not enough to stop the squabbling. The second option is that it was an unavoidable coincidence, which would suggest the government has lost its once-famed ability to strictly co-ordinate announcements - through the infamous Downing Street grid - to avert just such allegations.\nEither way, the effect was the same - to overshadow the big announcements of government policy on a hugely pertinent issue. And there had been previous suggestions that the new year had started with a fresh outbreak of the warfare between the two men. Firstly, the prime minister insisted on Wednesday that he had been intimately involved in the development of the proposals to get G8 countries to freeze debt repayments from the tsunami-hit countries. It was claimed he had been embarrassed by the fact that Gordon Brown appeared to have taken the initiative over the government\'s response to the disaster while Mr Blair was still on holiday in Egypt.\nThen, as if to pour fuel on the flames, both men separately spoke about working on tsunami or wider aid and development policy with their cabinet colleagues Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, Aid minister Hilary Benn and Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott - without mentioning the other. All this came amid fresh claims that Mr Brown was still seething that he had been excluded from a prominent role in general election planning and had, as a result, started to set out his own platform. The fact that he used an article in the Guardian newspaper to set out what he believed "should" be in the manifesto, has embarked on a mini tour of Britain to set out his aid plans and will next week visit Africa on the same mission - often seen as the prime minister\'s "turf" - has only added to the impression of rival camps operating entirely independently of each other. The prime minister denied all that as well, repeating his insistence that it was inconceivable the economy and the chancellor would not be at the centre of the election campaign. But the big fear with many on the Labour benches now is that, unless a lid can be put on the speculation over the rivalry, it may even threaten to undermine the election campaign itself.'), ('Safin slumps to shock Dubai loss', "Marat Safin suffered a shock loss to unseeded Nicolas Kiefer in round one of the Dubai Tennis Championships.\nPlaying his first match since winning the Australian Open, Safin showed some good touches but was beaten 7-6 (7-2) 6-4 by the in-form Kiefer. The German got on top in the first-set tie-break, striking a sweet forehand to win the first point against serve. And he maintained the momentum early in the second set, breaking the Russian with the help of an inspired volley. Spain's Feliciano Lopez lined up a second round clash with Andre Agassi by beating Thailand's Paradorn Srichaphan. Lopez, who lost in three sets to Roger Federer in last year's final, won 6-2 3-6 6-3. Former champion Fabrice Santoro of France was beaten 6-3 6-0 by sixth seeded Russian Nikolay Davydenko. There were also wins for two other Russians, Igor Andreev and seventh seed Mikhail Youzhny."), ("UK economy facing 'major risks'", 'The UK manufacturing sector will continue to face "serious challenges" over the next two years, the British Chamber of Commerce (BCC) has said.\nThe group\'s quarterly survey of companies found exports had picked up in the last three months of 2004 to their best levels in eight years. The rise came despite exchange rates being cited as a major concern. However, the BCC found the whole UK economy still faced "major risks" and warned that growth is set to slow. It recently forecast economic growth will slow from more than 3% in 2004 to a little below 2.5% in both 2005 and 2006.\nManufacturers\' domestic sales growth fell back slightly in the quarter, the survey of 5,196 firms found. Employment in manufacturing also fell and job expectations were at their lowest level for a year.\n"Despite some positive news for the export sector, there are worrying signs for manufacturing," the BCC said. "These results reinforce our concern over the sector\'s persistent inability to sustain recovery." The outlook for the service sector was "uncertain" despite an increase in exports and orders over the quarter, the BCC noted.\nThe BCC found confidence increased in the quarter across both the manufacturing and service sectors although overall it failed to reach the levels at the start of 2004. The reduced threat of interest rate increases had contributed to improved confidence, it said. The Bank of England raised interest rates five times between November 2003 and August last year. But rates have been kept on hold since then amid signs of falling consumer confidence and a slowdown in output. "The pressure on costs and margins, the relentless increase in regulations, and the threat of higher taxes remain serious problems," BCC director general David Frost said. "While consumer spending is set to decelerate significantly over the next 12-18 months, it is unlikely that investment and exports will rise sufficiently strongly to pick up the slack."'), ('Japan economy slides to recession', 'The Japanese economy has officially gone back into recession for the fourth time in a decade.\nGross domestic product fell by 0.1% in the last three months of 2004. The fall reflects weak exports and a slowdown in consumer spending, and follows similar falls in GDP in the two previous quarters. The Tokyo stock market fell after the figures were announced, but rose again on a widespread perception that the economy will recover later this year. On Wednesday, the government revised growth figures from earlier in 2004 which, when taking into account performance in the most recent period, effectively tips Japan into recession.\nA previous estimate of 0.1% growth between July and September was downgraded to a 0.3% decline. A recession is commonly defined as two consecutive quarters of negative growth, although the Japanese government takes other factors into account when judging the status of its economy.\nFigures released by the government\'s Cabinet Office showed that GDP, on an annualised basis, fell 0.5% in the last three months of 2004. However, politicians remain upbeat about prospects for an economic boost later in the year. "The economy has some soft patches but if you look at the bigger picture, it is in a recovery stage," said Economic and Fiscal Policy Minister Heizo Takenaka. Gross domestic product measures the overall value of goods and services produced in a country. "The economy must be assessed comprehensively and we cannot look at GDP alone," Mr Takenaka stressed.\nMinisters pointed to the fact that consumer spending had been depressed by one-off factors such as the unseasonably mild winter. Analysts said the figures were disappointing but argued that Japan\'s largest companies had been recording healthy profits and capital spending was on the rise. Japan\'s economy grew 2.6% overall last year - fuelled by a strong performance in the first few months - and is forecast to see growth of 2.1% in 2005. However, the economy\'s fragile recovery remains dependent on an upturn in consumer spending, a fall in the value of the yen and an improvement in global economies. "The results came in at the lower end of expectations but we shouldn\'t be too pessimistic about the current state and the outlook for the economy," said Naoki Iizuka, senior economist at the Dai-ichi Life Research Institute. Japan\'s economy has seen stretches of moderate growth over the past decade but has periodically slipped back into recession.'), ('UK economy ends year with spurt', 'The UK economy grew by an estimated 3.1% in 2004 after accelerating in the last quarter of the year, says the Office for National Statistics (ONS).\nThe figure is in line with Treasury and Bank of England forecasts. The ONS says gross domestic product (GDP) rose by a strong 0.7% in the three months to 31 December, compared with 0.5% in the previous quarter. The rise came despite a further decline in production output and the worst Christmas for retailers in decades.\nThe annual figure marked out the best year since 2000, and was also well ahead of the 2.2% recorded in 2003. Growth in the final three months of 2004 marked the 50th consecutive quarter of expansion. "On the basis of the latest information the UK has entered 2005 on course to continue its record period of growth," said Paul Boateng, chief secretary to the Treasury in a statement.\nThe ONS said the services sector, which accounts for nearly three-quarters of the UK economy, grew 1.0% in the quarter. The strong services figure was welcomed by analysts, given lacklustre retail sales in December and across the Christmas holiday period. "The fact that other services components are doing so well suggests to me that we are back to trend (growth) and I am not particularly concerned about any further slowdown," said Ross Walker, UK economist at RBS Financial Markets.\nHowever, output in the production sector contracted 0.5%, the second quarterly fall in row and a state of affairs that some economists classify as a recession. However the ONS would not comment on the definition of a recession and whether the manufacturing recovery was over. But Steve Radley, chief economist at the manufacturers\' organisation EEF, said: "These figures remain at odds with what is actually happening on the ground. "Whilst companies may be experiencing tougher conditions this year, \'recession\' is not a word that manufacturers would currently recognise." The ONS said a sharp fall in mining and quarrying, which was driven by oil and gas extraction, was primarily responsible for the overall contraction in manufacturing production figures.\nSimon Rubinsohn, chief economist at Gerrard, said: "This outturn (of 0.7%) was well ahead of the market expectations and cast doubt on the scare stories doing the rounds surrounding the current state of the UK economy." And he said the GDP figures may help to "push interest rate expectations a little higher along the curve". "The suggestion from the money markets is that the next move is now more likely to be in an upward rather than a downward direction. This is consistent with our own thinking," said Mr Rubinsohn. The Bank of England\'s nine-strong rate-setting committee voted unanimously earlier this month to keep interest rates steady at 4.75%, minutes of the meeting showed on Wednesday.'), ('Newest EU members underpin growth', 'The European Union\'s newest members will bolster Europe\'s economic growth in 2005, according to a new report.\nThe eight central European states which joined the EU last year will see 4.6% growth, the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe (UNECE) said. In contrast, the 12 Euro zone countries will put in a "lacklustre" performance, generating growth of only 1.8%. The global economy will slow in 2005, the UNECE forecasts, due to widespread weakness in consumer demand.\nIt warned that growth could also be threatened by attempts to reduce the United States\' huge current account deficit which, in turn, might lead to significant volatility in exchange rates.\nUNECE is forecasting average economic growth of 2.2% across the European Union in 2005. However, total output across the Euro zone is forecast to fall in 2004 from 1.9% to 1.8%. This is due largely to the faltering German economy, which shrank 0.2% in the last quarter of 2004. On Monday, Germany\'s BdB private banks association said the German economy would struggle to meet its 1.4% growth target in 2005.\nSeparately, the Bundesbank warned that Germany\'s efforts to reduce its budget deficit below 3% of GDP presented "huge risks" given that headline economic growth was set to fall below 1% this year. Publishing its 2005 economic survey, the UNECE said central European countries such as the Czech Republic and Slovenia would provide the backbone of the continent\'s growth. Smaller nations such as Cyprus, Ireland and Malta would also be among the continent\'s best performing economies this year, it said. The UK economy, on the other hand, is expected to slow in 2005, with growth falling from 3.2% last year to 2.5%.\nConsumer demand will remain fragile in many of Europe\'s largest countries and economies will be mostly driven by growth in exports. "In view of the fragility of factors of domestic growth and the dampening effects of the stronger euro on domestic economic activity and inflation, monetary policy in the euro area is likely to continue to \'wait and see\', the organisation said in its report. Global economic growth is expected to fall from 5% in 2004 to 4.25% despite the continued strength of the Chinese and US economies. The UNECE warned that attempts to bring about a controlled reduction in the US current account deficit could cause difficulties. "The orderly reversal of the deficit is a major challenge for policy makers in both the United States and other economies," it noted.'), ('Industrial revival hope for Japan', 'Japanese industry is growing faster than expected, boosting hopes that the country\'s retreat back into recession is over.\nIndustrial output rose 2.1% - adjusted for the time of year - in January from a month earlier. At the same time, retail sales picked up faster than at any time since 1997. The news sent Tokyo shares to an eight-month high, as investors hoped for a recovery from the three quarters of contraction seen from April 2004 on. The Nikkei 225 index ended the day up 0.7% at 11,740.60 points, with the yen strengthening 0.7% against the dollar to 104.53 yen. Weaker exports, normally the engine for Japan\'s economy in the face of weak domestic demand, had helped trigger a 0.1% contraction in the final three months of last year after two previous quarters of shrinking GDP. Only an exceptionally strong performance in the early months of 2004 kept the year as a whole from showing a decline. The output figures brought a cautiously optimistic response from economic officials. "Overall I see a low risk of the economy falling into serious recession," said Bank of Japan chief Toshihiko Fukui, despite warning that other indicators - such as the growth numbers - had been worrying.\nWithin the overall industrial output figure, there were signs of a pullback from the export slowdown. Among the best-performing sectors were key overseas sales areas such as cars, chemicals and electronic goods. With US growth doing better than expected the picture for exports in early 2005 could also be one of sustained demand. Electronics were also one of the keys to the improved domestic market, with products such as flat-screen TVs in high demand during January.'), ('Tomlinson stays focused on Europe', 'Long jumper Chris Tomlinson has cut his schedule to ensure he is fully fit for the European Indoor Championships.\nThe 23-year-old has a minor injury and has pulled out of international meets in Madrid and Lievin this week as well as warm-weather training in Lanzarote. "It\'s nothing serious," said his coach Peter Stanley. "He strained a muscle in his abdomen at the Birmingham meeting but is back in full training." Sprinter Mark Lewis-Francis will also not compete in Madrid on Thursday. The Birmingham athlete, who clocked a season\'s best of 6.61 seconds over 60m in Birmingham last week, also prefers to focus his attentions on next month\'s European Indoor Championships.\nLewis-Francis, who was runner-up to British team-mate Jason Gardener at the Europeans three years ago, will continue his training at home. Meanwhile, Tomlinson is still searching for this first major medal and this season he has shown he could be in the sort of form to grab a spot on the podium in Madrid. The Middlesbrough athlete jumped a season\'s best of 7.95m at the Birmingham Grand Prix - good enough to push world indoor champion Savante Stringfellow into second.'), ('Prodigy Monfils blows away Gaudio', 'French prodigy Gael Monfils underlined his huge promise by beating French Open champion Gaston Gaudio 6-4 7-6 (7-4) in the first round of the Qatar Open.\nThe 18-year-old wild card won three of the four junior Grand Slam events last year, including Wimbledon. Fabrice Santoro, the 2000 champion, beat Sweden\'s Thomas Johansson 6-4 6-2 but fourth seed Mikhail Youzhny lost 6-3 7-6 (7-3) to Rafael Nadal. Roger Federer plays Greg Rusedski in the second round on Wednesday. Monfils, who was given a wildcard into the tournament, said: "This is my first win over a top 10 player and I am delighted. "I play my best tennis when I am fired up on the court and the reason I won today was because I was able to play my natural, attacking game," he said. "Of course I was a bit tired in the second set. But I was confident I could survive had there been a third set."'), ('US consumer confidence up', 'Consumers\' confidence in the state of the US economy is at its highest for five months and they are optimistic about 2005, an influential survey says.\nThe feel-good factor among US consumers rose in December for the first time since July according to new data. The Conference Board survey of 5,000 households pointed to renewed optimism about job creation and economic growth. US retailers have reported strong sales over the past 10 days after a slow start to the crucial festive season.\nAccording to figures also released on Tuesday, sales in shopping malls in the week to 25 December were 4.3% higher than in 2003 following a last minute rush. Wal-Mart, the largest US retailer, has said its December sales are expected to be better than previously forecast because of strong post-Christmas sales.\nIt is expecting annual sales growth of between 1% and 3% for the month. Consumer confidence figures are considered a key economic indicator because consumer spending accounts for about two thirds of all economic activity in the United States. "The continuing economic expansion, combined with job growth, has consumers ending this year on a high note," said Lynn Franco, director of the Conference Board\'s consumer research centre. "And consumers\' outlook suggests that the economy will continue to expand in the first half of next year." The overall US economy has performed strongly in recent months, prompting the Federal Reserve to increase interest rates five times since June.'), ('Edgy Agassi struggles past Dent', 'Andre Agassi put in an erratic display before edging into the fourth round of the Australian Open with victory over Taylor Dent.\nThe 34-year-old American, seeded eighth, made a poor start, dropping serve early on and later needing two chances to serve out the set. Having secured the lead, Agassi still failed to take control as both players forced a succession of breaks. But Agassi won the tie-break before wrapping up a 7-5 7-6 (7-3) 6-1 win. Fourth seed\nsurvived an injury scare as he battled past Mario Ancic 6-4 3-6 6-3 6-4. The Russian turned his right ankle in the third game of the fourth set and called for treatment immediately. But he showed no sign of the problem when he returned to the court to wrap up victory in two hours 45 minutes.\nAncic, Wimbledon semi-finalist in 2004, looked set to push Safin all the way when he took the second set but Safin raised his game to sink the Croatian. Safin said he was trying to keep his temper under control at this year\'s tournament. The Russian hit himself on the head repeatedly in one second-set outburst but was otherwise largely calm in his victory. "I try to stay calm because if you go crazy against players like Ancic, you might never come back because he\'s a tough opponent," he said. "I\'m a little bit calmer than I was before because I\'d had enough." The Russian added that he was not worried by his ankle injury. "I have had a lot of problems with that ankle before - it will be OK," he said.\n\'s route to the fourth round was made easy when opponent Jarkko Nieminen was forced to retire from their match.\nThe top seed and defending champion was leading 6-3 5-2 when Nieminen pulled out with an abdominal injury. Federer had been in patchy form until then - mixing 19 unforced errors with 19 winners. The world number one will play Cypriot\nnext after the former world junior champion beat Tommy Robredo 7-6 (7-2) 6-4 6-1. Federer admitted he was under extra pressure after extending his winning streak to a career-best 24. "They are so used to me winning, but it\'s not that simple," he said. "I had a feeling this could be a tough match. I had a bad start but I bounced back. I always want to play better than I am, but I thought I was pretty OK." French Open champion\nis out of the tournament after a five-set defeat by Dominik Hrbaty. Hrbaty defeated the 10th seed 7-6 (7-5) 6-7 (8-10) 6-7 (3-7) 6-1 6-3 in a match lasting four hours and 21 minutes. The pair traded 16 service breaks during an exhausting baseline battle, with Hrbaty taking a decisive advantage in the eighth game of the final set. Hrbaty will now play 2002 champion\n, who outlasted American Kevin Kim 3-6 6-2 6-7 6-2 6-2.'), ('German economy rebounds', 'Germany\'s economy, the biggest among the 12 countries sharing the euro, grew at its fastest rate in four years during 2004, driven by strong exports.\nGross domestic product (GDP) rose by 1.7% last year, the statistical office said. The economy contracted in 2003. Foreign sales increased by 8.2% last year, compared with a 0.3% slide in private consumption. Concerns remain, however, over the strength of the euro, weak domestic demand and a sluggish labour market. The European Central Bank (ECB) left its benchmark interest rate unchanged at 2% on Thursday. It is the nineteenth month in a row that the ECB has not moved borrowing costs. Economists predict that an increase is unlikely to come until the second half of 2005, with growth set to sputter rather than ignite.\n"During 2004 we profited from the fact that the world economy was strong," said Stefan Schilbe, analyst at HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt. "If exports weaken and domestic growth remains poor, we cannot expect much from 2005." Many German consumers have been spooked and unsettled by government attempts to reform the welfare state and corporate environment. Major companies including Volkswagen, DaimlerChrysler and Siemens have spent much of 2004 in tough talks with unions about trimming jobs and costs. They have also warned there are more cost cutting measures on the horizon.'), ('Classy Henman makes winning start', 'Tim Henman opened his 2005 campaign with a 6-1 7-5 victory over Argentine David Nalbandian at the Kooyong Classic exhibition tournament on Wednesday.\nThe British number one will next play Roger Federer at the Australian Open warm-up event on Friday. The world number one beat Gaston Gaudio 5-7 6-1 6-4, before Andre Agassi saw off Chilean Olympic gold medalist Nicolas Massu 6-1 7-6 (7-4). Andy Roddick beat Ivan Ljubicic, who replaced Paradorn Srichaphan, 6-1 6-4. Henman made an impressive start to the year, only faltering against Nalbandian when serving for the match at 5-4. But the Briton regained his composure to win the next two games for only his second win in six matches against the Argentine. "It\'s a great start to the year - just what I was looking for," Henman told his website. "Over the years I\'ve found David very difficult to play against.\n"He returns serve very well and he\'s deceptively effective from the baseline, so sometimes it can be difficult to execute my gameplan well enough against him to get the right result. "Beating somebody of his stature is always good for the confidence and it bodes well at the beginning of the year." Henman also revealed the extent of the back problems he suffered in the off-season. "I\'m not the most flexible and at the end of the year I was pretty exhausted and wanted to have a couple of weeks where I didn\'t do anything," said Henman. "When I started training again it really, really seized up. As much as I enjoyed the two weeks off I don\'t think it\'s so productive." Federer dropped a tight first set against 2004 French Open champion Gaudio, but was content with his game. "It was about getting used to the surface," he said.\n"The conditions are much quicker than Doha, my timing was OK, but I could have served better. "All in all I\'m happy with the match, and I won it - that\'s a good sign. Now I have a day off and hopefully play better the next match." Agassi was delighted with victory over Massu in his first match for over two months. "I felt pretty good," said the American. "I liked the way the match played out and, maybe excluding a few second serve returns, I felt like I was doing most things pretty darn well for the first match."'), ('US industrial output growth eases', 'US industrial production continued to rise in November, albeit at a slower pace than the previous month.\nThe US Federal Reserve said output from factories, mines and utilities rose 0.3% - in line with forecasts - from a revised 0.6% increase in October. Analysts added that if the carmaking sector - which saw production fall 0.5% - had been excluded the data would have been more impressive. The latest increase means industrial output has grown 4.2% in the past year. Many analysts were upbeat about the prospects for the US economy, with the increase in production coming on the heels of news of a recovery in retail sales. "This is very consistent with an economy growing at 3.5 to 4.0%. It is congruent with job growth and consumer optimism," Comerica chief economist David Littman said of the figures.\nThe US economy grew at a respectable annual rate of 3.7% in the three months between July and September, while jobs growth averaged 178,000 during the same period. While the employment figures are not spectacular, experts believe they are enough to whittle away at America\'s 5.4% jobless rate. A breakdown of the latest production figures shows mining output drove the increase, surging 2.1%, while factory output rose 0.3%. But utility output dropped 1.4%. Meanwhile, the amount of factory capacity in use during the month rose to 77.6% - its highest level since May 2001. "Many investors think that product market inflation won\'t be a problem until the utilisation rates are at 80% or higher," Cary Leahy, senior US economist at Deutsche Bank Securities, said. "So there is still a lot of inflation-fighting slack in the manufacturing sector," "Overall I\'d say manufacturing at least away from autos continues to improve and I would bet that it improves at a faster rate in coming months given how lean inventories are," Citigroup senior economist Steven Wieting added.'), ('Moya suffers shock loss', 'Fifth seed Carlos Moya was the first big name to fall at the Australian Open as he went down to fellow Spaniard Guillermo Garcia-Lopez on Monday.\nMoya began the year with victory at the Chennai Open but looked out of sorts from the start in the Melbourne heat. Garcia-Lopez, ranked 106 in the world, dominated from the outset and withstood a third-set rally from Moya to hang on for a 7-5 6-3 3-6 6-3 victory. The 21-year-old plays Kevin Kim or Lee Hyuung-Taik in the second round. Garcia-Lopez was delighted with the victory in only his third ever Grand Slam match. "I think this was the most important win of my life as Carlos is one of the best players in the world," he said. "This has given me a lot of confidence. Now I feel I can beat all these players." Moya said: "I was playing well before I came here. It was the perfect preparation but something was wrong today."\nFour-time champion Andre Agassi began what could be his last Australian Open with a convincing win over German qualifier Dieter Kindlmann. The 34-year-old American, who had been struggling with a hip injury earlier in the week, stormed to a 6-4 6-3 6-0 win. Agassi will play France\'s Olivier Patience or Germany\'s Rainer Schuettler - the man he beat in the 2003 final - in the next round. "No one was more concerned (about the injury) than myself," said eighth seed Agassi. "I\'d worked hard to be down here and ready. But the last few days, I\'ve pushed through the injury and it seemed to do pretty good." In other matches, world junior champion Gael Monfils made use of his wild card with a magnificent 1-6 6-3 6-4 7-6 (8-6) win over American Robby Ginepri. The 2002 champion Thomas Johansson fought back to beat Peter Luczak 7-6 (7-5) 4-6 6-3 4-6 6-0, and French Open champion Gaston Gaudio beat Justin Gimelstob 7-6 (7-3) 6-4 6-3. Seeds Dominik Hrbaty, Ivan Ljubicic and Mario Ancic made comfortable progress, but former French Open champion Albert Costa lost to Bjorn Phau.'), ('Business confidence dips in Japan', 'Business confidence among Japanese manufacturers has weakened for the first time since March 2003, the quarterly Tankan survey has found.\nSlower economic growth, rising oil prices, a stronger yen and weaker exports were blamed for the fall. December\'s confidence level was below that seen in September, the Bank of Japan said. However, September\'s reading was the strongest for 13 years. "The economy is at a pause but unlikely to fall", the economy minister said. "It will feel a bit slower (next year) than this year, and growth may be a bit more gentle but the situation is that the recovery will continue," said economy minister Heizo Takenaka. In the Bank of Japan\'s December survey, the balance of big manufacturers saying business conditions are better, minus those saying they are worse, was 22, down from 26 in September.\nJapan\'s economy grew by just 0.1% in the three months to September, according revised data issued this month. With the recovery slowing, the world\'s second biggest economy is now expected grow by 0.2% in 2004. The Tankan index is based on a survey of 10,227 firms. Big manufacturers were even more pessimistic about the first quarter of 2005; their views suggest the March reading could go as low as 15 - still in positive territory, but weaker. The dollar\'s decline has strengthened the yen, making Japanese exports more expensive in the US. China\'s attempts to cool down its fast-growing economy have also hit Japanese industry\'s sales abroad. Confidence among non-manufacturers was unchanged in the final quarter of 2004, but it is forecast to drop one point in the March survey. Nonetheless, Japanese firms have been stepping up capital investment, and the survey found the pace is quickening. Companies reported they expect to invest 7.7% more in the year to March 2005 than the previous year - up from expectations of 6.1% increase in the September Tankan.'), ('ECB holds rates amid growth fears', 'The European Central Bank has left its key interest rate unchanged at 2% for the 19th month in succession.\nBorrowing costs have remained on hold amid concerns about the strength of economic growth in the 12 nations sharing the euro, analysts said. Despite signs of pick-up, labour markets and consumer demand remain sluggish, while firms are eyeing cost cutting measures such as redundancies. High oil prices, meanwhile, have put upward pressure on the inflation rate.\nSurveys of economists have shown that the majority expect borrowing costs to stay at 2% in coming months, with an increase of a quarter of a percentage point predicted some time in the second half of the year. If anything, there may be greater calls for an interest rate cut, especially with the euro continuing to strengthen against the dollar. "The euro land economy is still struggling with this recovery," said economist Dirk Schumacher. The ECB "may sound rather hawkish but once the data allows them to cut again, they will." Data coming out of Germany on Thursday underlined the problems facing European policy makers. While Germany\'s economy expanded by 1.7% in 2004, growth was driven by export sales and lost some of its momentum in the last three months of the year.\nThe strength of the euro is threatening to dampen that foreign demand in 2005, and domestic consumption currently is not strong enough to take up the slack. Inflation in the eurozone, however, is estimated at about 2.3% in December, above ECB guidelines of 2%. ECB President Jean-Claude Trichet has remained upbeat about prospects for the region, and inflation is expected to drop below 2% later in 2005. The ECB has forecast economic growth in the eurozone of 1.9% in 2005.'), ("Soaring oil 'hits world economy'", 'The soaring cost of oil has hit global economic growth, although world\'s major economies should weather the storm of price rises, according to the OECD.\nIn its latest bi-annual report, the OECD cut its growth predictions for the world\'s main industrialised regions. US growth would reach 4.4% in 2004, but fall to 3.3% next year from a previous estimate of 3.7%, the OECD said. However, the Paris-based economics think tank said it believed the global economy could still regain momentum.\nForecasts for Japanese growth were also scaled back to 4.0% from 4.4% this year and 2.1% from 2.8% in 2005. But the outlook was worst for the 12-member eurozone bloc, with already sluggish growth forecasts slipping to 1.8% from 2.0% this year and 1.9% from 2.4% in 2005, the OECD said. Overall, the report forecast total growth of 3.6% in 2004 for the 30 member countries of the OECD, slipping to 2.9% next year before recovering to 3.1% in 2006. "There are nonetheless good reasons to believe that despite recent oil price turbulence the world economy will regain momentum in a not-too-distant future," said Jean-Philippe Cotis, the OECD\'s chief economist. The price of crude is about 50% higher than it was at the start of 2004, but down on the record high of $55.67 set in late October.\nA dip in oil prices and improving jobs prospects would improve consumer confidence and spending, the OECD said. "The oil shock is not enormous by historical standards - we have seen worse in the seventies. If the oil price does not rise any further, then we think the shock can be absorbed within the next few quarters," Vincent Koen, a senior economist with the OECD, told the BBC\'s World Business Report. "The recovery that was underway, and has been interrupted a bit by the oil shock this year, would then regain momentum in the course of 2005." China\'s booming economy and a "spectacular comeback" in Japan - albeit one that has faltered in recent months - would help world economic recovery, the OECD said. "Supported by strong balance sheets and high profits, the recovery of business investment should continue in North America and start in earnest in Europe," it added. However, the report warned: "It remains to be seen whether continental Europe will play a strong supportive role through a marked upswing of final domestic demand." The OECD highlighted current depressed household expenditure in Germany and the eurozone\'s over-reliance on export-led growth.'), ('Federer breezes into semi-finals', 'Roger Federer reached the last four of the Qatar Open with an easy 6-1 6-2 win over seventh seed Feliciano Lopez.\nThe Swiss world number one reeled off a series winners to outclass the Spaniard and set up a semi-final match against Russian Nikolay Davydenko. Federer, who lost in the quarter-final in his last Qatar appearance in 2003, was happy with his form. "I think I played better than against Greg Rusedski and I am happy I am playing so well," said the top seed. Lopez showed glimpses of resolve early in the second set when he held his first service game and came close to breaking Federer. But the Swiss saved a break point and promptly broke serve in the following game to seize control. Davydenko, meanwhile, upset French third seed Sebastien Grosjean 2-6 6-3 6-2. Fabrice Santoro completed a miserable day for France when he was forced to retire when 6-2 3-0 down to Albert Costa. Spaniard Costa will next face Croatian Ivan Ljubicic after the sixth seed beat Rafael Nadal 6-2 6-7 (3/7) 6-3.'), ('Greene sets sights on world title', 'Maurice Greene aims to wipe out the pain of losing his Olympic 100m title in Athens by winning a fourth World Championship crown this summer.\nHe had to settle for bronze in Greece behind fellow American Justin Gatlin and Francis Obikwelu of Portugal. "It really hurts to look at that medal. It was my mistake. I lost because of the things I did," said Greene, who races in Birmingham on Friday. "It\'s never going to happen again. My goal - I\'m going to win the worlds." Greene crossed the line just 0.02 seconds behind Gatlin, who won in 9.87 seconds in one of the closest and fastest sprints of all time. But Greene believes he lost the race and his title in the semi-finals. "In my semi-final race, I should have won the race but I was conserving energy. "That\'s when Francis Obikwelu came up and I took third because I didn\'t know he was there. "I believe that\'s what put me in lane seven in the final and, while I was in lane seven, I couldn\'t feel anything in the race.\n"I just felt like I was running all alone. "I believe if I was in the middle of the race I would have been able to react to people that came ahead of me." Greene was also denied Olympic gold in the 4x100m men\'s relay when he could not catch Britain\'s Mark Lewis-Francis on the final leg. The Kansas star is set to go head-to-head with Lewis-Francis again at Friday\'s Norwich Union Grand Prix. The pair contest the 60m, the distance over which Greene currently holds the world record of 6.39 seconds. He then has another indoor meeting in France before resuming training for the outdoor season and the task of recapturing his world title in Helsinki in August. Greene believes Gatlin will again prove the biggest threat to his ambitions in Finland. But he also admits he faces more than one rival for the world crown. "There\'s always someone else coming. I think when I was coming up I would say there was me and Ato (Boldon) in the young crowd," Greene said. "Now you\'ve got about five or six young guys coming up at the same time."'), ('Isinbayeva claims new world best', 'Pole vaulter Yelena Isinbayeva broke her own indoor world record by clearing 4.89 metres in Lievin on Saturday.\nIt was the Russian\'s 12th world record of her career and came just a few days after she cleared 4.88m at the Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham. The Olympic champion went on to attempt 5.05m at the meeting on France but failed to clear that height. In the men\'s 60m, former Olympic 100m champion Maurice Greene could only finish second to Leonard Scott. It was Greene\'s second consecutive defeat at the hands of his fellow American, who also won in Birmingham last week. "I ran my race perfectly," said Scott, who won in 6.46secs, his best time indoors. "I am happy even if I know that Maurice is a long way from being at his peak at the start of the season."'), ('Federer forced to dig deep', 'Top seed Roger Federer had to save two match points before squeezing past Juan Carlos Ferrero at the Dubai Open.\nThe world number one took two hours 15 minutes to earn his 4-6 6-3 7-6 victory, saving match points at 6-4 in the tiebreak before claiming it 8-6. Federer made a number of unforced errors early on, allowing Ferrero to take advantage and claim the first set. But the Swiss star hit back to reach the quarter-finals, where he will face seventh seed Russian Mikhail Youzhny. The Russian beat Germany\'s Rainer Schuettler 7-5 6-4. Federer was not unduly worried despite being taken to three sets for the third consecutive match. The world number one was forced to go the distance against Ivan Ljubicic in the Rotterdam final and against Ivo Minar in the first round in Dubai. "I definitely had a slow start again and to come back every time is quite an effort," he said. "I haven\'t been playing well, but I\'ve been coming through. I\'m winning the crucial points and that shows I\'m on top of my game when I have to be."'), ('Davenport dismantles young rival', 'Top seed Lindsay Davenport booked her place in the last 16 of the Australian Open with a convincing 6-2 6-4 win over Nicole Vaidisova of the Czech Republic.\nThe American had too much power for her 15-year-old opponent, breaking twice in the first set and once in the second. The German-born Vaidisova rallied well at times but was unable to find a way back after falling behind 3-2 in the opening set. Davenport, who closed out with an ace, plays Karolina Sprem in the next round. "I was fully expecting a tough opponent and was able to play well enough to get through it," said Davenport. "I think she hits some great shots. She made some errors but probably some inexperience played a role in that. But she\'s so young and obviously has a big game and has many, many years to improve on that." Sprem, the Croatian 13th seed, saw off Russia\'s Elena Likhovtseva 6-3 6-2. Former world number one\npowered her way into the fourth round with a straight sets win over Anna Smashnova. The 27th seed from Israel stuck with Williams until 3-3 in the first set before it became one-way traffic.\nThe American made 26 unforced errors but was still good enough to romp through the contest in exactly an hour. She reeled off nine straight games to finish a 6-3 6-0 winner.\nremains on course to become the first Australian to win her home title since Chris O\'Neil in 1978. The 10th seed equalled her best performance at a Grand Slam event when she beat unseeded Russian Nadia Petrova 6-3 6-2 to reach the fourth round. After a tough first set, Molik grew in confidence and won in just 56 minutes. She will now meet Venus Williams. "Bring it on," said the 23-year-old. "I played pretty well and it was nice to get through in straight sets." "We were destined to meet, I guess," Williams said referring to her match with Molik. "It will be a huge match for her in Australia. I can tell she\'s probably very motivated by that so I need to get out there and play well."\nbeat Slovakia\'s Daniela Hantuchova in a rollercoaster match. Dementieva came through 7-5 5-7 6-4, becoming the seventh Russian woman to reach the last 16 in Melbourne. The match lasted almost three hours and featured 13 service breaks, including three in the final set when Dementieva held her nerve to seal the win. She now faces\nafter the Swiss 12th seed beat American Abigail Spears 7-6 6-3. French Open champion\nreceived a free ride into the last 16 after Lisa Raymond was forced to withdraw. Raymond, the 25th seeded American, was ruled out after sustaining a left abdominal muscle tear in the doubles. Myskina, the third seed, now plays France\'s\nwho beat Francesca Schiavone of Italy 6-3 6-3. "I\'m extremely disappointed because I couldn\'t have asked to play better in my first two matches," Raymond said.'), ('Rusedski forced out in Marseille', "Greg Rusedski was forced to withdraw from the Open 13 in Marseille on Thursday with a rib injury.\nThe British number two had been scheduled to play qualifier Sebastien de Chaunac, who beat world number five Guillermo Coria 6-4 7-5 in round one. But Rusedski was unable to take to the court because of a problem with the left-hand side of his rib-cage. American Taylor Dent caused a shock with a 7-6 6-2 victory over second seed David Nalbandian. But third seed Joachim Johansson made it through after beating Frenchman Gilles Simon 7-6 6-3 while in the first match of the day, sixth seed Feliciano Lopez defeated Ivo Karlovic. There were also wins for Slovakia's Karol Beck and Croatian duo Ivan Ljubicic and Mario Ancic."), ('US retail sales surge in December', 'US retail sales ended the year on a high note with solid gains in December, boosted by strong car sales.\nSeasonally adjusted sales rose 1.2% in the month, compared to 0.1% a month earlier, boosted by a surge in shopping just before and after Christmas. Sales climbed 8% for the year, the best performance since an 8.5% rise in 1999, the Commerce Department added. The gains were led by a 4.3% jump in auto sales as dealers used enhanced offers to get cars out of showrooms. Dealers were forced to cut prices in December to maintain sales growth in a tough quarter when the usual end-of-year holiday sales boom was slow to get started.\nThe increase in sales during December pushed total spending for the month to $349.4bn (265.9bn). Sales for the year also broke through the $4 trillion mark for the first time - with annual sales coming in at $4.06 trillion However, if automotives are excluded from December\'s data, retail sales rose just 0.3% on the month. Home furnishings and furniture stores also performed well, rising 2.2%. But as well as hitting the shops, more US consumers were going online or using mail order for their purchases - with non-store retailers seeing sales rise by 1.9%. However, analysts said that the strong figures were unlikely to put the Federal Reserve Bank off its current policy of measured interest rate rises. "Consumers for now remain willing to spend freely, sustaining the US expansion. Given that attitude, the Fed remains likely to continue boosting the Fed funds rate at upcoming meetings," UBS economist Maury Harris told Reuters.\nRetail sales are seen as a major part of consumer spending - which in turn makes up two-thirds of economic output in the US. Consumer spending has been picking up in recent years after slumping during 2001 and 2002 as the country battled to recover from its first recession of the decade and the World Trade Centre attacks. During that time, sales grew a lacklustre 2.9% in 2001 and 2.5% a year later. Looking ahead, analysts now expect improvement in jobs growth to feed through to the High Street with consumer spending remaining strong. The belief comes despite the latest labor department report showing a surprise rise in unemployment. The number of Americans filing initial jobless claims jumped to 367,000, the highest rate since September. However, long-term claims slipped to their lowest level since 2001.'), ('Japanese growth grinds to a halt', 'Growth in Japan evaporated in the three months to September, sparking renewed concern about an economy not long out of a decade-long trough.\nOutput in the period grew just 0.1%, an annual rate of 0.3%. Exports - the usual engine of recovery - faltered, while domestic demand stayed subdued and corporate investment also fell short. The growth falls well short of expectations, but does mark a sixth straight quarter of expansion.\nThe economy had stagnated throughout the 1990s, experiencing only brief spurts of expansion amid long periods in the doldrums. One result was deflation - prices falling rather than rising - which made Japanese shoppers cautious and kept them from spending.\nThe effect was to leave the economy more dependent than ever on exports for its recent recovery. But high oil prices have knocked 0.2% off the growth rate, while the falling dollar means products shipped to the US are becoming relatively more expensive.\nThe performance for the third quarter marks a sharp downturn from earlier in the year. The first quarter showed annual growth of 6.3%, with the second showing 1.1%, and economists had been predicting as much as 2% this time around. "Exports slowed while capital spending became weaker," said Hiromichi Shirakawa, chief economist at UBS Securities in Tokyo. "Personal consumption looks good, but it was mainly due to temporary factors such as the Olympics. "The amber light is flashing." The government may now find it more difficult to raise taxes, a policy it will have to implement when the economy picks up to help deal with Japan\'s massive public debt.'), ("Brizzel to run AAA's in Sheffield", "Ballymena sprinter Paul Brizzel will be among eight of Ireland's European Indoor hopefuls competing in this weekend's AAA's Championships.\nUS-based Alistair Cragg and Mark Carroll are the only Irish athletes selected so far for the Europeans who will not run in Sheffield. Brizzel will defend his 200m title in the British trials. In-form James McIlroy will hope to confirm his place in the British team for Madrid by winning the 800m title. McIlroy has been in tremendous form on the European circuit in recent weeks. He is one of the fastest 800m runners in the world this winter and already seems assured of a place in Madrid. Corkman Mark Carroll confirmed in midweek that he would join Cragg in the European Championships. Carroll is ranked number three in the world 3000m ranking at the moment with Cragg occupying top spot. Meanwhile, nine-times champion Dermot Donnelly will not be coming out of retirement to compete in the Northern Ireland Cross Country Championships in Coleraine on Saturday. An injury crisis in the Annadale Striders squad led to Donnelly being entered by coach John McLaughlin but the athlete told BBC Sport on Friday evening that he would not be running. Willowfield's Paul Rowan will go in as individual favourite but Annadale could have a tough job holding on to their team title as Andrew Dunwoody and Noel Pollock are unlikely to run."), ('Lewis-Francis eyeing world gold', 'Mark Lewis-Francis says his Olympic success has made him determined to bag World Championship 100m gold in 2005.\nThe 22-year-old pipped Maurice Greene on the last leg of the 4x100m relay in Athens to take top honours for Team GB. But individually, the Birchfield Harrier has yet to build on his World Junior Championship win four years ago. "The gold medal in Athens has made me realise that I can get to the top level and I want to get there again. It can happen, I don\'t see why not," he said. Lewis-Francis has still to decided what events will feature in his build-up to the worlds - with one exception. He has confirmed his participation in the Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham on 18 February, where he will take on another member of Britain\'s victorious men\'s relay team - Jason Gardener - over 60m. He added: "It\'s a bit too early to make any predictions for Helsinki, but I have my eyes open and I know I can be the best in the world."'), ('Consumer spending lifts US growth', 'US economic growth accelerated in the third quarter, helped by strong consumer spending, official figures have shown.\nThe economy expanded at an annual rate of 3.7% in the July to September period, the Commerce Department said. The figure marked an increase on the 3.3% growth recorded in the second quarter, but fell short of the 4.2% rate pencilled in by forecasters. The increase reflected the biggest jump in consumer spending in a year. "It was a little softer than the consensus, but not a real surprise," said Gary Thayer, an economist at AG Edwards & Sons. Friday\'s growth estimate is one of the last significant pieces of economic data before the 2 November presidential election.\nDemocrat challenger John Kerry has criticised President George W Bush\'s handling of the economy, pointing to a net loss of over 800,000 jobs since Mr Bush took office. Analysts said the economy was still not growing fast enough to stimulate large-scale job creation. "It\'s a pretty good growth rate, but it may not be good enough to create enough jobs," said Robert Brusca, chief economist at Fact and Opinion Economics in New York. However, President Bush is expected to point to Commerce Department figures showing that consumer spending grew at 4.6% in the third quarter, up from just 1.6% in the second, as evidence that his policies are generating solid growth. Consumer spending accounts for about two thirds of all economic activity in the US.\nThe weaker than expected growth figure makes it less likely that the US Federal Reserve will raise interest rates next month, economists said. "The economy regained some traction in the third quarter, but the growth is not robust," AG Edwards\' Thayer. "I think that means the Fed can take its time raising rates. We\'ll probably see one more rate hike before the end of the year." In an effort to pre-empt rising inflation, the Federal Reserve has pushed through three quarter-point rate rises since June this year, taking borrowing costs to 1.75%. On the financial markets, the dollar fell slightly against the euro and the yen, while the Dow Jones index of leading US shares was little changed.'), ('German growth goes into reverse', "Germany's economy shrank 0.2% in the last three months of 2004, upsetting hopes of a sustained recovery.\nThe figures confounded hopes of a 0.2% expansion in the fourth quarter in Europe's biggest economy. The Federal Statistics Office said growth for the whole of 2004 was 1.6%, after a year of contraction in 2003, down from an earlier estimate of 1.7%. It said growth in the third quarter had been zero, putting the economy at a standstill from July onward. Germany has been reliant on exports to get its economy back on track, as unemployment of more than five million and impending cuts to welfare mean German consumers have kept their money to themselves. Major companies including Volkswagen, DaimlerChrysler and Siemens have spent much of 2004 in tough talks with unions about trimming jobs and costs. According to the statistics office, Destatis, rising exports were outweighed in the fourth quarter by the continuing weakness of domestic demand.\nBut the relentless rise in the value of the euro last year has also hit the competitiveness of German products overseas. The effect has been to depress prospects for the 12-nation eurozone as a whole, as well as Germany. Eurozone interest rates are at 2%, but senior officials at the rate-setting European Central Bank are beginning to talk about the threat of inflation, prompting fears that interest rates may rise. The ECB's mandate is to fight rising prices by boosting interest rates - and that could further threaten Germany's hopes of recovery."), ('Nadal marches on in Mexico', "Rafael Nadal continued his run of fine form to beat Guillermo Canas and reach the Mexican Open semis in Acapulco.\nEighth seed Nadal, who picked up his second ATP title when he beat Alberto Martin in last week's Brazil Open, saw off the Argentine third seed 7-5 6-3. He now meets Argentine wild card Mariano Puerta, who followed up his win over top seed Carlos Moya by overcoming Spain's Felix Mantilla, 6-4 3-6 7-6. Czech fifth seed Czech Jiri Novak was eliminated 7-5 6-1 by Agustin Calleri. The unseeded Argentine, who won the tournament two years ago, now plays Spain's Albert Montanes. Montanes advanced to his first semi-final of the year with a 4-6 6-3 6-4 triumph over sixth-seeded Italian Filippo Volandri. Argentina's Agustin Calleri beat fourth seed Jiri Novak 7-5 6-1 in a battle of former champions at the Mexican Open. Calleri won his only ATP title in Acapulco two years ago while Novak won the singles and doubles titles in 1998. Calleri will face Albert Montanes in the semi-finals after the Spaniard ousted sixth seed Filippo Volandri of Italy 4-6 6-3 6-4. Argentine wild card Mariano Puerta continued his improbable run, outlasting Felix Mantilla 6-4 3-6 7-6."), ('Safin relieved at Aussie recovery', 'Marat Safin admitted he thought he was suffering another Australian Open final nightmare when he lost the opening set to Lleyton Hewitt.\nThe Russian, who lost the 2002 and 2004 finals, fought back brilliantly to win 1-6 6-3 6-4 6-4. "I was nervous and I couldn\'t play tennis," said Safin. "He started really well. He wasn\'t as nervous as I was because I was thinking of the two finals that I played and wasn\'t successful." He added: "You really have to deal with the pressure because normally it never happens but when you come to the final you are so tight because you want to win. "I tried to play some tennis but I couldn\'t. He has huge experience, he\'s won two Grand Slam titles, he\'s won 24 titles, he\'s a great player and he deals with pressure."\nFrom 4-1 down in the third set, Safin played some of his best tennis to reel off seven games and take control of the match. "In the third set, just all of a sudden, it all turn around completely in a way I couldn\'t expect," said Safin. "Because he made a couple of mistakes, I was a little bit lucky at some point, then the confidence came back and I was back in the game." And the Russian revealed that the victory, and his semi-final win over world number one Roger Federer, had given him a massive boost for the future. "You get huge confidence because Roger is a great player," said Safin. "Once I beat him, and then Lleyton, it\'s like you get so much confidence in yourself that you really can play great. "You can win big titles and you can beat huge players in the finals and semi-finals."'), ('McIlroy continues winning streak', 'James McIlroy stormed to his second international victory in less than a week, claiming the men\'s 800m at the TEAG indoor meeting in Erfurt.\nThe Northern Ireland runner set a new personal best of one minute, 46.68 seconds - a time good enough to qualify for the European Indoor Championships. "I\'m qualified now and that\'s what matters most," said the 28-year-old. McIlroy is now hoping to gain a late entry into Sunday\'s international indoor meeting in Leipzig. The Northern Irishman is hoping manager Ricky Simms can swing it for him to compete after he initially withdrew after contracting a cold. After three successive wins over the past fortnight, McIlroy is brimming with confidence. "I\'ve been waiting over six years for this to happen and now I\'m certain my career has turned the corner." On Friday, McIlroy delivered an impressive run despite suffering from his bad cold. The AAA indoor and outdoor champion accelerated away from the field in the final 300m, beating German Wolfram Mulle by 0.90 seconds. McIlroy set a world-leading mark for 1,000m at the Sparkassen Cup in Stuttgart last weekend. And his time in Erfurt makes him third fastest over 800m in the world this year.'), ('Hewitt survives Nalbandian epic', 'Home favourite Lleyton Hewitt came through a dramatic five-set battle with Argentine David Nalbandian to reach the Australian Open semi-finals.\nHewitt looked to be cruising to victory after racing into a two-set lead. But Nalbandian broke his serve three times in both of the next two sets to set up a nailbiting decider. Hewitt eventually grabbed the vital break in the 17th game and served out to win 6-3 6-2 1-6 3-6 10-8 and set up a meeting with Andy Roddick. The winner of that match will face either Roger Federer or Marat Safin in the final. Ninth seed Nalbandian had never come back from two sets down to win a match, and there was no indication he would do so as Hewitt dominated the first two sets.\nThe Argentine had stoked up the temperature ahead of the match by saying Hewitt\'s exuberant on-court celebrations were "not very good for the sport". And he had words with Hewitt during one change of ends in the second set when the Australian appeared to brush shoulders with him as they went to their chairs. The balance of power changed completely in the third set as Hewitt allowed his level to dip, and he double-faulted twice as Nalbandian broke on the way to taking the fourth set. But the tiring third seed showed incredible reserves of strength to force the break despite being outplayed for much of the final set and three times coming within two points of defeat. He then produced a love service game to finish off the match in four hours and five minutes. "I just kept hanging in there. It was always tough serving second in the fifth set," said Hewitt, who had never reached the last four at his home Grand Slam. "I told myself to give everything and in the end it paid off once again. "It\'s a long way from holding that trophy up there but I\'m hanging in there. "Only four guys left that can win and we\'re the top four in the world. It\'s set up for a pretty good showdown in the semis and finals."'), ('Venus stunned by Farina Elia', 'Venus Williams suffered a first-round defeat for the first time in four years at the Dubai Championships.\nSylvia Farina Elia, who had lost all nine of her previous meetings with the American fifth seed, won 7-5 7-6 (8-6). Former Wimbledon champion Conchita Martinez and India\'s Sania Mirza, the oldest and youngest players in the draw, also reached the second round. Martinez, 32, beat Shinobu Asagoe 6-4 6-4 and 18-year-old Mirza beat Jelena Kostanic 6-7 (7-2) 6-4 6-1. Mirza, the first Indian woman to win a WTA Tour title this month on home ground at Hyderabad, will now face US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova.\nBut she is remaining confident. "She (Kuznetsova) is a great player," she said. "But everyone is beatable and I am looking forward to a great match." Williams though blamed her defeat by Farina Elia on injuries. "Blisters were a factor, but mostly my stomach wasn\'t that great," she said. "I did it in the last tournament in the semi-finals, and I was serving at 40% in the final. "The first time I served again was Sunday and there wasn\'t a lot I could do out there. When your serve isn\'t good it throws the rest of your game off too." She will wait to see how she recovers before deciding whether to take part in the Nasdaq-100 Open in Miami, starting on 21 March.'), ('Young debut cut short by Ginepri', 'Fifteen-year-old Donald Young\'s first appearance in an ATP tennis tournament proved brief as the teenager went out in round one of the San Jose Open.\nYoung shot to the top of the junior world rankings when he won the boys\' singles at January\'s Australian Open. But the wildcard entry was dispatched by fellow American Robby Ginepri in straight sets, 6-2 6-2, in California. Despite that he was happy with his Tour debut. "It was fun. I had my chances, but they didn\'t come through," he said. Young, who beat two players ranked in the top 200 when he was just 14, was only 2-1 down in the first set before losing 10 of the next 13 games. And Ginepri - six years older than the youngest player to ever win a junior slam and top the global standings - admitted he was impressed.\n"He\'s very talented," said Ginepri. "He\'s got a long future ahead of him. "Being left-handed, he was very quick around the court. "His serve is a little deceptive. He came into the net and volleyed better than I thought." Earlier, South Korean Hyung-Taik Lee defeated American Jan-Michael Gambill 6-3 7-6 (7-4). American Kevin Kim defeated Jan Hernych of the Czech Republic 7-5 6-3, Canadian qualifier Frank Dancevic downed American Jeff Morrison 4-6 7-6 (7-3) 6-0, and Denmark\'s Kenneth Carlsen beat Irakli Labadze of the Republic of Georgia 6-7 (4-7) 6-2 6-3. Top seed Andy Roddick launches his defence of the title on Wednesday against qualifier Paul Goldstein. Second seed Andre Agassi opens his campaign on Tuesday against wildcard Bobby Reynolds, last year\'s US collegiate champion. Agassi has won the San Jose five times, but his run of three straight titles ended last year when he fell to Mardy Fish in the semi-finals. Fish went on to lose to Roddick in the final.'), ('What now for Kelly Holmes?', 'Last April, Kelly Holmes spoke to the BBC Sport website about her loneliness, her fight to stay fit and her decision not to contest both the 800m and 1500m at the Olympics.\nIt just goes to show even the most meticulous and measured athletes cannot predict what fate has in store for them. Four months later, Holmes stormed to double Olympic gold and has since been made a Dame, won the BBC Sport Personality of the Year and written a book whilst still finding time to coach aspiring athletes. With so much time spent in the spotlight, Holmes has increasingly dropped hints that her ambition on the track has begun to wilt. And when asked about her plans for both the indoor and outdoor seasons ahead, the 34-year-old has repeatedly chosen to tick the "don\'t know" box. Holmes has now pulled out of this weekend\'s European Indoor Championships, where she was selected for both the 800m and 1500m, because of a hamstring injury. But should we be surprised if the Olympic champion over both those distances decides she just does not feel like racing anymore? "Well, it\'s a lot easier being the double Olympic champion, being feted by everybody, than training to be at the top in middle distance running," points out former Olympian and BBC pundit Steve Cram. "You have to have a real strong desire to carry on doing it even if you\'re very talented."\nHolmes\' drive and determination have always been unquestionable - that is the reason she has battled back from a string of injuries that threatened to see her finish her career empty-handed. But alarm bells start ringing when the Kent athlete begins questioning herself. "Will I have as much commitment, desire and energy to go through a major championship?" Holmes asked in the New Year. "That is what I don\'t know." At 34, Holmes will also be aware that time is running out. US 400m and 200m legend Michael Johnson, a five-time Olympic gold medallist, retired shortly after his 34th birthday as did Britain\'s double Olympic champion decathlete Daley Thompson. The physical demands of the day-to-day grind will only get harder for Holmes, who has already admitted she "doesn\'t like the training anymore." Whilst out on the circuit the allure of defeating a double Olympic champion will spur her opponents on. Holmes will not want to needlessly suffer the indignity of being beaten. Unless she is certain she has a strong chance of winning any race, she will not step onto the track. But if the Kent athlete finds the form that fuelled her ambitions last summer, there are more prizes up for grabs. The day after completing her double in Athens, the 34-year-old revealed she would still like to win her first indoors title.\nHolmes\' wish could easily be met in Madrid before she goes on to prepare for the outdoor season where there are still scores to be settled, such as a first gold at the World Championships in Helsinki. There is just one small truth which could gnaw away at Holmes\' motivation - the realisation that no matter how hard she trains, nothing she wins now can surpass her achievements in Athens. On the other hand, if those achievements cannot be matched shouldn\'t they be at least shared and celebrated? "You don\'t get the chance very often in your career to step onto the track as the double Olympic champion," agreed Cram. "You want to be able to take your bow in front of the fans because it\'s a fantastic feeling. "I think deep down Kelly wants to run. I think she will compete and run races on the circuits but whether or not she runs in the major championships is much less certain."\nAthletics fans had every reason to believe they would see the new-look Kelly Holmes tearing up the track again. After her Olympic glory she emphatically denied she planned to retire. So, why is Holmes dragging her heels about making a decision on where, when or whether to even bother competing again? "That\'s just Kelly," explains Cram. "She\'s always been like that. "She enjoys people trying to guess what she is going to do next. She knows every time she makes a pronouncement now it\'s headline news. "Kelly has to figure out for herself what it is she wants and that will be based on athletics decisions, whether she can be competitive, if she is fit enough to put her neck on the line. "And if she decides not to run again, no-one is going to turn round and say \'you\'re making the wrong decision.\'"'), ('US interest rates increased to 2%', 'US interest rates are to rise for the fourth time in five months, in a widely anticipated move.\nThe Federal Reserve has raised its key federal funds rate by a quarter percentage point to 2% in light of mounting evidence that the US economy is regaining steam. US companies created twice as many jobs as expected in October while exports hit record levels in September. Analysts said a clear-cut victory for President Bush in last week\'s election paved the way for a rise. Another rise could be in store for December, some economists warned.\nThe Fed\'s Open Market Committee - which sets interest rate policy in the US - voted unanimously in favour of a quarter point rise. The Fed has been gradually easing rates up since the summer, with quarter percentage point rises in June, August and September.\nThe Central Bank has been acting to restrain inflationary pressures while being careful not to obstruct economic growth. The Fed did not rule out raising rates once again in December but noted that any future increases would take place at a "measured" pace. In a statement, the Fed said that long-term inflation pressures remained "well contained" while the US economy appeared to be "growing at a moderate pace despite the rise in energy prices". Financial analysts broadly welcomed the Fed\'s move and shares traded largely flat. The Dow Jones Industrial average closed down 0.89 points, or 0.01%, at 10,385.48.\nRecent evidence has pointed to an upturn in the US economy. US firms created 337,000 jobs last month, twice the amount expected, while exports reached record levels in September. The economy grew 3.7% in the third quarter, slower than forecast, but an improvement on the 3.3% growth seen in the second quarter. Analysts claimed the Fed\'s assessment of future economic growth was a positive one but stressed that the jury was still out on the prospect of a further rise in December.\n"Let\'s wait until we see how growth and employment bear up under the fourth quarter\'s energy price drag before concluding that the Fed has more work to do in 2005," said Avery Shenfeld, senior economist at CIBC World Markets.\n"I think the Federal Reserve does not want to rock the boat and is using a gradual approach in raising the interest rate," said Sung Won Sohn, chief US economist for Wells Fargo Bank. "The economy is doing a bit better right now but there are still some concerns about geopolitics, employment and the price of oil," he added. The further rise in US rates is unlikely to have a direct bearing on UK monetary policy. The Bank of England (BoE) has kept interest rates on hold at 4.75% for the past three months, leading some commentators to argue that rates may have peaked. In a report published on Wednesday, the Bank said that with rates at their current level, inflation would rise to its 2% target within two years. However, BoE governor Mervyn King warned only last month that the era of consistently low inflation and low unemployment may be coming to an end.'), ('Steady job growth continues in US', 'The US created fewer jobs than expected in December, but analysts said that the dip in hiring was not enough to derail the world\'s biggest economy.\nAccording to Labor Department figures, 157,000 new jobs were added last month. That took 2004\'s total to 2.2 million, the best showing in five years. Job creation was one of last year\'s main concerns for the US economy. While worries still remain, the conditions are set for steady growth in 2005, analysts said. The unemployment rate stayed at 5.4% in December, and about 200,000 jobs will need to be created each month if that figure is to drop.\n"It was a respectable report," said Michael Moran, analyst at Daiwa Securities.\n"Payroll growth in December was a little lighter than the consensus forecast, but we had upward revisions to the prior two months and an increase in manufacturing employment." "Manufacturing is a cyclical area of the economy and if it\'s showing job growth, it\'s a good indication that the economy is on a solid growth track." That means that the Federal Reserve is likely to continue its policy of raising interest rates. The Fed lifted borrowing costs five times last year to 2.25%, citing evidence the US economic recovery was becoming more robust.\nJob creation was one of last year\'s main concerns for the US economy, and proved to be a main topic of debate in the US presidential election. While demand for workers is far from booming, the conditions are set for steady growth. "Overall, compared to the previous year it looks great, it just keeps going stronger and stronger and I expect that to be the case" in 2005, said Kurt Karl, economist at Swiss Re in New York. Meanwhile, economists cautioned against reading too much into data from the Federal Reserve showing an unexpected $8.7bn drop in consumer debt in November. A fall in consumer spending, which makes up about two-thirds of all US economic activity, could help limit the extent of any future interest rate rises. But economists said there could be a number of reasons for a fall in the borrowing, which include credit cards and personal loans, while noting that such figures can vary on a month-to-month basis.'), ('Steady job growth continues in US', 'The US created fewer jobs than expected in December, but analysts said that the dip in hiring was not enough to derail the world\'s biggest economy.\nAccording to Labor Department figures, 157,000 new jobs were added last month. That took 2004\'s total to 2.2 million, the best showing in five years. Job creation was one of last year\'s main concerns for the US economy. While worries still remain, the conditions are set for steady growth in 2005, analysts said. The unemployment rate stayed at 5.4% in December, and about 200,000 jobs will need to be created each month if that figure is to drop.\n"It was a respectable report," said Michael Moran, analyst at Daiwa Securities.\n"Payroll growth in December was a little lighter than the consensus forecast, but we had upward revisions to the prior two months and an increase in manufacturing employment." "Manufacturing is a cyclical area of the economy and if it\'s showing job growth, it\'s a good indication that the economy is on a solid growth track." That means that the Federal Reserve is likely to continue its policy of raising interest rates. The Fed lifted borrowing costs five times last year to 2.25%, citing evidence the US economic recovery was becoming more robust.\nJob creation was one of last year\'s main concerns for the US economy, and proved to be a main topic of debate in the US presidential election. While demand for workers is far from booming, the conditions are set for steady growth. "Overall, compared to the previous year it looks great, it just keeps going stronger and stronger and I expect that to be the case" in 2005, said Kurt Karl, economist at Swiss Re in New York. Meanwhile, economists cautioned against reading too much into data from the Federal Reserve showing an unexpected $8.7bn drop in consumer debt in November. A fall in consumer spending, which makes up about two-thirds of all US economic activity, could help limit the extent of any future interest rate rises. But economists said there could be a number of reasons for a fall in the borrowing, which include credit cards and personal loans, while noting that such figures can vary on a month-to-month basis.'), ('Serena becomes world number two', "Serena Williams has moved up five places to second in the world rankings after her Australian Open win.\nWilliams won her first Grand Slam title since 2003 with victory over Lindsay Davenport, the world number one. Men's champion Marat Safin remains fourth in the ATP rankings while beaten finalist Lleyton Hewitt replaces Andy Roddick as world number two. Roger Federer retains top spot, but Safin has overtaken Hewitt to become the new leader of the Champions Race. Alicia Molik, who lost a three-set thriller against Davenport in the quarter-finals, is in the women's top 10 for the first time in her career. Her rise means Australia have a player in the top 10 of the men's and women's rankings for the first time in 21 years. And Britain's Elena Baltacha, who qualified and then reached the third round, has risen to 120 in the world - a leap of 65 places and her highest ranking yet."), ('Henman overcomes rival Rusedski', 'Tim Henman saved a match point before fighting back to defeat British rival Greg Rusedski 4-6 7-6 (8-6) 6-4 at the Dubai Tennis Championships on Tuesday.\nWorld number 46 Rusedski broke in the ninth game to take a tight opening set. Rusedski had match point at 6-5 in the second set tie-break after Henman double-faulted, but missed his chance and Henman rallied to clinch the set. The British number one then showed his superior strength to take the decider and earn his sixth win over Rusedski. Serve was held by both players with few alarms until the seventh game of the final set, when Rusedski\'s wild volley gave Henman a vital break. A furious Rusedski slammed his racket onto the ground in disgust and was warned by the umpire.\nHenman, seeded three, then held his serve comfortably thanks to four serve-and-volley winners to take a clear 5-3 lead. Rusedski won his service game but Henman took the first of his three match points with a service winner to secure his place in the second round at Dubai for the first time in three years. It was the first match between the pair for three years - Henman last lost to Rusedski six years ago - and lasted two hours and 40 minutes. The pair are now likely to only face each other on court as rivals - rather than as team-mates - after Henman decided to retire from Davis Cup tennis leaving Rusedski to lead the team out against Israel on 4-6 March. Henman, who now faces Russian Igor Andreev in the last 16, admitted afterwards it was difficult coming up against his compatriot on a fast surface. "You just take it point by point when you\'re fighting to stay in the match," he said. "I had to keep playing aggressively and competing to get a chance. "I now have to recover in time for the next match because the body doesn\'t recover as quick as it used to, especially after two hours and 40 minutes."'), ('Slovakia seal Hopman Cup success', 'Slovakia clinched the Hopman Cup for the second time by beating Argentina 3-0 in Saturday\'s final in Perth.\nDaniela Hantuchova put the third seeds ahead, recovering from a terrible start to beat Gisela Dulko 1-6 6-4 6-4. Dominik Hrbaty, who had not lost a set in his three singles matches in the group stages, then upset world number seven Guillermo Coria 6-4 6-1. Hantuchova and Hrbaty then won the mixed doubles after Coria was forced to withdraw because of a sore back. Slovakia\'s win made up for last year\'s final defeat to the United States. "I would like to congratulate Daniela," Hrbaty said. "I was so nervous watching her today, I almost had a heart attack. "I also feel a little sorry for Guillermo because I get very excited whenever I play for my country. I show lots of emotions and played such good tennis."\nWorld number 31 Hantuchova, ranked two places above Dulko, looked nervous as she dropped the first four games of the match. Dulko, who had lost all three of her singles matches in the group stages, grew in confidence and took the opening set in just 27 minutes. But Hantuchova hit back to take the next two and the match. "I was so nervous because I really wanted to win for the team and for Dominik as he played so well all week," she said. "I didn\'t think I was playing my best but I just tried to hang in there and fight hard for every point for my country." Slovakia won the Cup on their first appearance in 1998 when Karol Kucera and Karina Habsudova beat France.'), ('Campbell to extend sprint career', 'Darren Campbell has set his sights on running quicker than ever after deciding not to retire from sprinting.\nCampbell, who won Olympic 4x100m relay gold, had been unsure about his future. But he told Five Live\'s Sportsweek: "I had to get back into training before I could decide because if I didn\'t have the same hunger I\'d have to walk away. "I\'ve started back and I\'m thoroughly enjoying it. I\'m looking forward to it. I\'ve got to run under 10 seconds (for 100m) and under 20 seconds (for 200m)." Campbell was part of the British quartet who shocked the Americans to win relay gold in Athens in August.\nThe Newport-based athlete and team-mates Jason Gardener, Marlon Devonish and Mark Lewis-Francis were rewarded with MBEs in the New Year Honours List. Campbell\'s relay triumph made up for his disappointing displays in the individual 100m and 200m events in Athens, when he failed to reach the finals. The 31-year-old, who won Olympic 200m silver in Sydney in 2000, said during the Games that a hamstring injury had stopped him from running at his best.\nHe was criticised at the time by former Olympic champion Michael Johnson, who cast doubt on Campbell\'s injury claims. "To go to Athens and finally get the gold I\'ve been trying to get for 24 years was a big relief," said Campbell. "It was a chance for me to prove that if I\'d been fit I would have been challenging for the (individual) medals. "Every season I go and challenge for the medals so why would last season have been any different? "It\'s just unfortunate that I picked up that injury just before the Olympics." Campbell set his 100m personal best of 10.04secs when he won the European title in Budapest in 1998. And he ran 20.13secs in the quarter-finals of the 200m in Sydney on the way to Olympic silver.'), ("IMF 'cuts' German growth estimate", 'The International Monetary Fund is to cut its 2005 growth forecast for the German economy from 1.8% to 0.8%, the Financial Times Deutschland reported.\nThe IMF will also reduce its growth estimate for the 12-member eurozone economy from 2.2% to 1.6%, the newspaper reported. The German economy has been faltering, with unemployment levels rising to a seventy-year high of 5.2 million. Its sluggish performance continues to hamper the entire eurozone.\nThe IMF\'s draft World Economic Outlook - due to be published in April - would point to a marked deterioration in Germany\'s economy, the FT report said.\nIn September, the IMF had said that German growth for the current year would be 1.8%. The IMF has also revised eurozone forecasts, the paper said, taking into account high oil prices, the strength of the euro and weak demand in many of the world\'s leading economies. Europe\'s economic difficulties have been highlighted by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, which argued in a report published on Tuesday that the continent could only achieve US living standards by freeing up its labour markets. "The eurozone does not look like it has a self-sustaining recovery," James Carrick, an economist with ABN Amro, told the newspaper. "It is too dependant on the rest of the world."'), ('McIlroy aiming for Madrid title', 'Northern Ireland man James McIlroy is confident he can win his first major title at this weekend\'s Spar European Indoor Championships in Madrid.\nThe 28-year-old has been in great form in recent weeks and will go in as one of the 800 metres favourites. "I believe after my wins abroad and in our trial race in Sheffield, I can run my race from the front, back or middle," said McIlroy. New coach Tony Lester has helped get McIlroy\'s career back on track. The 28-year-old 800 metres runner has not always matched his promise with performances but believes his decision to change coaches and move base will bring the rewards. McIlroy now lives in Windsor and feels his career has been transformed by the no-nonsense leadership style of former Army sergeant Lester. Lester is better known for his work with 400m runners Roger Black and Mark Richardson in the past but under his guidance McIlroy has secured five wins this indoor season.\nMcIlroy now claims he is in his best shape since finishing fourth for Ireland at the outdoor European Championships in 1998. "That was my last decent year," said McIlroy, who temporarily retired last August before returning to the sport under Lester\'s shrewd guidance. "Before, every race was like trying to climb Mount Everest and I now know you can\'t do it on your own. "Trying to succeed saw me sometimes standing half-dead and terrified on the starting line, which became a bit too much." McIlroy, who was compared to the likes of Sebastian Coe, Steve Cram and Steve Ovett in his younger days, is now competing without the benefit of National Lottery funding. That situation could change if he maintains his current form and repeats the world-class times he produced in the 800m and 1000m at major races in Erfurt and Stuttgart earlier this season. Russian Dmitriy Bogdanov won at the same Madrid venue last week and then claimed the European Championship race would be between himself, Dutchman Arnoud Okken and Antonio Reina of Spain but McIlroy is unfazed.\nHe admitted: "He looked quite good in his win and fair enough everyone has the right to their own opinion. "I never write myself off and let\'s face it, I haven\'t or looked like being beaten this season." And McIlroy, whose time of one minute 46.68seconds in Erfurt elevated him to sixth place on the UK All-Time list, is also already looking beyond Madrid. He said: "I\'ve been much more focused this year about my career and having such a good team around me has been very important. "Ultimately of course, this weekend is a means to an end and that is getting prepared for the summer\'s world championships. "That ambition has meant that I\'ve had only two nights out since last August. The rest of my time has seen me just concentrating on rebuilding my career."'), ('Hewitt fights back to reach final', 'Lleyton Hewitt kept his dream of an Australian Open title alive with a four-set win over Andy Roddick in Friday\'s second semi-final.\nThe home favourite will face Marat Safin in Sunday\'s final after coming through 3-6 7-6 (7-3) 7-6 (7-4) 6-1. Hewitt fought back from a set down and trailed in both tie-breaks but would not be denied, thrilling the Melbourne crowd with a typically battling effort. He is aiming to be the first Australian winner since Mark Edmondson in 1976. Hewitt is the first Australian to make the final since Pat Cash lost to Mats Wilander in 1988, but faces a huge challenge against Safin - the conqueror of Roger Federer. After needing five sets in his last two matches there was reason to think Hewitt might struggle for fitness. He certainly made a sluggish start, dropping his opening service game, and Roddick dominated with his huge serve as he took the first set.\nAfter 12 tense games in the second, the key moment came when Hewitt raised his game in the tie-break to overturn an early mini-break. That energised the crowd but Roddick was not finished and raced 4-1 clear in the crucial third before Hewitt pegged him back and forced another tie-break. Again Roddick broke first and again Hewitt fought back, taking the lead with a superb backhand pass.\nThe Australian was not to be denied and a disheartened Roddick made little impact in the fourth set as Hewitt raced to victory, sending the Melbourne crowd wild and ensuring the final will be a huge occasion. "It\'s awesome," said Hewitt. "I started preparing for this tournament nine months ago. "I\'ve done a lot of hard yards to get here. "I\'ve always said I\'d do anything to get in the first night final at the Australian Open. Now I\'ve got my chance." Roddick was furious with himself for failing to take advantage of leads in both tie-breaks. "I\'m usually pretty money in those," said Roddick. "Either one of those would have given me a distinct advantage. "I\'m mad, I felt I was in there with a shot. He put himself in position to win big points. I donated a little more than I would have wanted." And the American played down the influence of one spectator who appeared to contribute to a double fault by shouting during Rodick\'s service action. "It just took one jackass to shout out," said Roddick, adding that the crowd overall was "very respectful".'), ('Martinez sees off Vinci challenge', "Veteran Spaniard Conchita Martinez came from a set down to beat Italian Roberta Vinci at the Qatar Open in Doha.\nThe 1994 Wimbledon champion won 5-7 6-0 6-2 to earn a second round meeting with French Open champion Anastasia Myskina. Fifth seed Patty Schnyder also had a battle as she needed three sets to beat China's Na Li 7-5 3-6 7-5. Slovakian Daniela Hantuchova beat Bulgarian Magdaleena Maleeva 4-6 6-4 6-3 to set up a second round clash with Russian Elena Bovina. The veteran Martinez found herself in trouble early on against Vinci with the Italian clinching the set thanks to breaks in the third and 11th games. But Vinci's game fell to pieces after that and Martinez swept her aside with some crisp cross-court returns and deft volleys. In the day's other matches, Japan's Ai Sugiyama defeated Australian Samantha Stosur 6-2 6-3 while Australian Nicole Pratt beat Tunisian Selima Sfar 7-5 6-2 and will next face compatriot Alicia Molik."), ('Mirza shocks Kuznetsova', 'Sania Mirza continued her remarkable rise with victory over US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova at the Dubai Championships on Tuesday.\nThe 18-year-old Indian, who is already a huge star in her home country, won 6-4 6-2 in front of a delirious crowd. It was Mirza\'s sixth straight victory following her first WTA tournament win in Hyderabad last month. Earlier, Daniela Hantuchova built on her improving form with a 7-6 6-2 win over sixth seed Alicia Molik. Mirza needed attention to an ankle injury after the second game against Kuznetsova.\nShe quickly slipped 4-0 down but staged a dramatic comeback that thrilled the large Indian contingent in the crowd. "I really didn\'t expect that after my ankle turn," said Mirza. "I played a great match and I think (the crowd) did it again. I knew that I had to play an all-round game and that\'s what happened. "I did everything well but I wasn\'t missing the ball - I don\'t know how that happened." Mirza plays Silvia Farina Elia or Jelena Jankovic next. Hantuchova has risen from 31 in the world at the turn of the year to number 22, having reached the quarter-finals and semi-finals at her last two events. "It was such a tough first-round match and I am glad to come through," said Hantuchova. "She was serving so well. I just decided to hang in there and keep fighting." The Slovakian will meet Elena Likhovtseva in the second round after the Russian struggled past Tunisian wild card Selima Sfar 2-6 6-2 7-6. Likhovtseva needed nine match points before seeing off Sfar, who got a point penalty for swearing in the third set. Seventh seed Nathalie Dechy and Elena Bovina were among other first-round winners on Tuesday.'), ("Serena ends Sania Mirza's dream", 'Sania Mirza, the first Indian woman to reach the third round of a Grand Slam tennis event, has lost to women\'s favourite Serena Williams.\nThe 18-year-old Mirza, who got a wild card entry into the Australian Open in Melbourne, lost to Williams 1-6,4-6 in the third round. Williams took just 56 minutes to defeat Mirza and sail into the fourth round. The only other Indian woman to win a match at a Grand Slam is Nirupama Vaidyanathan. Vaidyanathan made it to the second round of the Australian Open in 1998.\nPlaying the biggest match of her life, Mirza made little impact on Williams in the early stages of the game. But the teenager showed more confidence in the second set and engaged the seventh-seeded Williams in some well contested rallies. Mirza, a junior Wimbledon doubles title winner, became the first Indian woman to reach the third round of a grand slam tennis event when she beat Hungarian Petra Mandula on Wednesday. "I\'m really excited. I was confident but I didn\'t think it was going to be that easy," Mirza said after her second round win. "My aim was to win a round here. When I did that I was so relieved, there was no pressure." Tennis is not a particularly popular sport in India, but a number of Indians watched the live telecast of the match between Mirza and Williams. Mirza, who lives in the southern Indian city of Hyderabad known for producing a host of top Indian cricketers, turned professional two years ago. She says she was considered too small when she went for her first tennis classes as a six-year-old girl. "Then finally [the coach] called my parents up and said \'the way she hits the ball, I\'ve never seen a six-year-old hit a ball like that\'," Mirza told the Associated Press.'), ('Holmes is hit by hamstring injury', 'Kelly Holmes has been forced out of this weekend\'s European Indoor Athletics Championships after picking up a hamstring injury during training.\nThe double Olympic champion said: "I am very disappointed that I have been forced to withdraw. "I can hardly walk at the moment and I won\'t be able to do any running for two or three weeks although I\'ll be keeping fit as best I can." Holmes will have now have intensive treatment in South Africa.\nThe 34-year-old made a cautious start to the season but looked back to her best when she stormed to the 1,000m title at the Birmingham Grand Prix 10 days ago. After that race and more progress in training, Holmes revealed she had decided to compete at the European Indoors before her plans were wrecked last weekend. "On Saturday night I pulled my hamstring running the last bend on my final 200m of the night," said Holmes. "I was going really, really well when I felt a massive spasm in my left leg and my hamstring blew. "I saw the doctor here and he has said it is not serious but it\'s frustrating missing Madrid when I knew I was in great shape." Holmes has now been advised by her coach Margot Jennings not to rush back into training and it is unlikely she will compete again until the summer. Helen Clitheroe now goes to Madrid as the only British competitor in the women\'s 1500m while there will be no representative in the 800m.'), ('Relay squad thrilled with honours', 'Jason Gardener says being made an MBE in the New Year Honours List underlines the achievement of Great Britain\'s 4x100m relay squad at the Olympics.\nGardener, Darren Campbell, Marlon Devonish and Mark Lewis-Francis have all been awarded MBEs after beating pre-race favourites USA to gold. "I think this award reinforces what we did on that fantastic night," he said. "This recognition is really inspiring and makes me want to have more success," said Lewis-Francis. The British sprint quartet produced a string of faultless baton changes in the final to put pressure on the Americans.\nAnd when the USA stumbled with a poor switch between Justin Gatlin and Coby Miller at the 300m stage, Britain edged ahead going into the final bend. Then, on cue, Lewis-Francis ran a textbook final leg, holding off Maurice Greene to bring Team GB home in 38.07 seconds - just one hundredth of a second ahead of their rivals. "Winning the gold medal was the highlight of my athletics career so far," said the Birchfield Harrier. "This award is not just for me, but for all my friends, family and the people who have helped me to get to this level in my sport." Gardener added: "All of us had worked very hard for a long, long time to carry off what most believed was an impossible task. "Of course this award is very special, but for me nothing will ever take away winning an Olympic gold medal. It\'s all I ever wanted. "All my life that is what I dreamed of doing. Life since then has been fantastic." Campbell agreed receiving the honour capped off what has been a difficult year for the sprinter. "I think the MBE is important because the people closest to me know my journey," said the Newport-based athlete. "I\'ve not just stumbled upon this. "It gives me a lot of joy and satisfaction to know the stuff you do for your country does mean something."\n- There was also recognition for James Clarke, chairman of the London Marathon. He becomes an OBE.'), ('Hewitt overcomes wobble in Sydney', 'Lleyton Hewitt gave himself the perfect preparation for next week\'s Australian Open with victory over Ivo Minar in the final of the Sydney International.\nThe defending champion brushed aside the Czech qualifier 7-5 6-0. The Australian world number three strolled to the first five games of the match but was shocked as Minar won the next five. The top seed was rattled but recovered to close out the set and raced to victory in exactly an hour. "It was a strange match . . . momentum swings," said Hewitt. "I felt like I came out of the blocks extremely well, but then he loosened up a bit. "When he got back to 5-5, I had to try to settle down and take it up a notch, and I was able to do that."\nHewitt has now lifted the Sydney title four times in the last six years. "It just keeps getting better and better every year," Hewitt said. "I\'ve only played this tournament four times and I\'ve won it four times." Hewitt went into the final as a short-priced favourite to clinch his 24th career title after dropping only one set all week. He is set to meet Frenchman Arnaud Clement in the first round of the Australian Open. Minar, ranked 158th in the world, was forced to pull out of the Australian Open qualifying draw to play in his first ATP final. "For me, this was a big success," said the 20-year-old. "I was so nervous last night I couldn\'t sleep. I\'ve never played a top-10 player before. "I wanted to play qualifying in Melbourne, but it\'s Saturday and I\'m still here. But this is a main draw and I need the points and the money." Alicia Molik takes on Samantha Stosur in an all-Australian women\'s final later on Saturday.'), ('Hantuchova in Dubai last eight', 'Daniela Hantuchova moved into the quarter-finals of the Dubai Open, after beating Elene Likhotseva of Russia 7-5 6-4, and now faces Serena Williams.\nAustralian Open champion Williams survived an early scare to beat Russia\'s Elena Bovina 1-6 6-1 6-4. World number one Lindsay Davenport and Anastasia Myskina also progressed. Davenport defeated China\'s Jie Zheng 6-2 7-5, while French Open champion Myskina sailed through after her opponent Marion Bartoli retired hurt. American Davenport will now face fellow former Wimbledon champion, Conchita Martinez of Spain, who ousted seventh-seeded Nathalie Dechy of France 6-1 6-2. Myskina will face eighth-seed Patty Schnyder from Switzerland, who defeated China\'s Li Na 6-3 7-6 (10-8). The other quarter final pits wild card Sania Mirza of India against Jelena Jankovic of Serbia and Montenegro, who both won on Tuesday.\nBefore her meeting with Martinez, Davenport believes there is some room for improvement in her game. "I started well and finished well, but played some so-so games in the middle," she said. Williams was also far from content. "I don\'t know what I was doing there," she said. "It was really windy and I hadn\'t played in the wind. All my shots were going out of here." But Hantuchova is in upbeat mood ahead of her clash with the younger Williams sister, who was handed a first-round bye. "I feel I have an advantage (over Serena) because I have already played two matches on these courts," she said. "It is a difficult court to play on. Very fast and sometimes you feel you have no control over the ball."'), ('Hantuchova in Dubai last eight', 'Daniela Hantuchova moved into the quarter-finals of the Dubai Open, after beating Elene Likhotseva of Russia 7-5 6-4, and now faces Serena Williams.\nAustralian Open champion Williams survived an early scare to beat Russia\'s Elena Bovina 1-6 6-1 6-4. World number one Lindsay Davenport and Anastasia Myskina also progressed. Davenport defeated China\'s Jie Zheng 6-2 7-5, while French Open champion Myskina sailed through after her opponent Marion Bartoli retired hurt. American Davenport will now face fellow former Wimbledon champion, Conchita Martinez of Spain, who ousted seventh-seeded Nathalie Dechy of France 6-1 6-2. Myskina will face eighth-seed Patty Schnyder from Switzerland, who defeated China\'s Li Na 6-3 7-6 (10-8). The other quarter final pits wild card Sania Mirza of India against Jelena Jankovic of Serbia and Montenegro, who both won on Tuesday.\nBefore her meeting with Martinez, Davenport believes there is some room for improvement in her game. "I started well and finished well, but played some so-so games in the middle," she said. Williams was also far from content. "I don\'t know what I was doing there," she said. "It was really windy and I hadn\'t played in the wind. All my shots were going out of here." But Hantuchova is in upbeat mood ahead of her clash with the younger Williams sister, who was handed a first-round bye. "I feel I have an advantage (over Serena) because I have already played two matches on these courts," she said. "It is a difficult court to play on. Very fast and sometimes you feel you have no control over the ball."'), ('Federer claims Dubai crown', 'World number one Roger Federer added the Dubai Championship trophy to his long list of successes - but not before he was given a test by Ivan Ljubicic.\nTop seed Federer looked to be on course for a easy victory when he thumped the eighth seed 6-1 in the first set. But Ljubicic, who beat Tim Henman in the last eight, dug deep to secure the second set after a tense tiebreak. Swiss star Federer was not about to lose his cool, though, turning on the style to win the deciding set 6-3. The match was a re-run of last week\'s final at the World Indoor Tournament in Rotterdam, where Federer triumphed, but not until Ljubicic had stretched him for five sets. "I really wanted to get off to a good start this time, and I did, and I could really play with confidence while he still looking for his rhythm," Federer said.\n"That took me all the way through to 6-1 3-1 0-30 on his serve and I almost ran away with it. But he came back, and that was a good effort on his side." Ljubicic was at a loss to explain his poor showing in the first set. "I didn\'t start badly, but then suddenly I felt like my racket was loose and the balls were flying a little bit too much. And with Roger, if you relax for a second it just goes very quick," he said. "After those first three games it was no match at all. I don\'t know, it was really weird. I was playing really well the whole year, and then suddenly I found myself in trouble just to put the ball in the court." But despite his defeat, the world number 14 was pleased with his overall performance. "I had a chance in the third, and for me it\'s really positive to twice in two weeks have a chance against Roger to win the match. "It\'s an absolutely great boost to my confidence that I\'m up there and belong with top-class players."'), ('Dogged Federer claims Dubai crown', 'World number one Roger Federer added the Dubai Championship trophy to his long list of successes - but not before he was given a test by Ivan Ljubicic.\nTop seed Federer looked to be on course for a easy victory when he thumped the eighth seed 6-1 in the first set. But Ljubicic, who beat Tim Henman in the last eight, dug deep to secure the second set after a tense tiebreak. Swiss star Federer was not about to lose his cool, though, turning on the style to win the deciding set 6-3. The match was a re-run of last week\'s final at the World Indoor Tournament in Rotterdam, where Federer triumphed, but not until Ljubicic had stretched him all the way. "I really wanted to get off to a good start this time, and I did, and I could really play with confidence while he still looking for his rhythm," Federer said.\n"That took me all the way through to 6-1 3-1 0-30 on his serve and I almost ran away with it. But he came back, and that was a good effort on his side." Ljubicic was at a loss to explain his poor showing in the first set. "I didn\'t start badly, but then suddenly I felt like my racket was loose and the balls were flying a little bit too much. And with Roger, if you relax for a second it just goes very quick," he said. "After those first three games it was no match at all. I don\'t know, it was really weird. I was playing really well the whole year, and then suddenly I found myself in trouble just to put the ball in the court." But despite his defeat, the world number 14 was pleased with his overall performance. "I had a chance in the third, and for me it\'s really positive to twice in two weeks have a chance against Roger to win the match. "It\'s an absolutely great boost to my confidence that I\'m up there and belong with top-class players."'), ('Hewitt falls to Dent in Adelaide', 'Lleyton Hewitt suffered a shock defeat to Taylor Dent in the quarter-finals of the Australian Hardcourt Championships in Adelaide on Friday.\nThe top seed was a strong favourite for the title but went down 7-6 (7-4) 6-3 to the American. Dent will face Juan Ignacio Chela next after the fourth seed was too strong for Jurgen Melzer. Olivier Rochus beat third seed Nicolas Kiefer 6-7 (4-7) 7-6 (8-6) 7-5 and will take on second seed Joachim Johansson. The Swede reached the last four by beating compatriot Thomas Enqvist 6-3 4-6 6-1. "I felt like I was striking the ball much better," said Johansson.\n"I felt like I had a lot of break chances, I didn\'t take care of them all, but I broke him four times and he only broke me once. "I felt that was the key to get up in the set early." Hewitt played down his defeat and insisted he is focused solely on the Australian Open, which starts on 17 January. "When you\'ve been number one in the world for a couple of years and won a couple of slams, you look at the big picture and what motivates you," said Hewitt. "That\'s the Grand Slams and Melbourne\'s as big for me as any of the four. Even if I don\'t win Sydney next week it\'s no big deal."'), ('Kennedy questions trust of Blair', 'Lib Dem leader Charles Kennedy has said voters now have a "fundamental lack of trust" of Tony Blair as prime minister.\nHe said backing his party was not a wasted vote, adding that with the Lib Dems "what you see is what you get". He made his comments at the start of a day of appearances on Channel Five in a session on The Wright Stuff programme. Questions from callers, a studio audience and the show\'s presenter covered Lib Dem tax plans, anti-terror laws and immigration.\nMr Kennedy said during his nearly 22 years in Parliament he had seen prime ministers and party leaders come and go and knew the pitfalls of British politics. "1983 was when I was first elected as an MP - so Tony Blair, Michael Howard and myself were all class of \'83 - and over that nearly quarter of a century the world has changed out of recognition," he said. "We don\'t actually hear the argument any longer: \'Lib Dems, good people, reasonable ideas but only if we thought they could win around here - it\'s a wasted vote\'. "You don\'t hear that because the evidence of people\'s senses demonstrates that it isn\'t a wasted vote." But he said Mr Blair had lost the trust of the British people. "There is a fundamental lack of trust in Tony Blair as prime minister and in his government," he said.\n"What we\'ve got to do as a party - what I\'ve got to do as a leader of this party - is to convey to people that what you see is what you get." Mr Kennedy also used his TV appearance to defend his party\'s plans to increase income tax to 50% for those earning more than 100,000, saying it would apply to just 1% of the population. He said the extra revenue would allow his party to get rid of tuition and top-up fees, introduce free personal care for the elderly and replace the council tax with a local income tax. Mr Blair has already spent a day with Five and Michael Howard is booked for a similar session.'), ('Kennedy questions trust of Blair', 'Lib Dem leader Charles Kennedy has said voters now have a "fundamental lack of trust" of Tony Blair as prime minister.\nHe said backing his party was not a wasted vote, adding that with the Lib Dems "what you see is what you get". He made his comments at the start of a day of appearances on Channel Five in a session on The Wright Stuff programme. Questions from callers, a studio audience and the show\'s presenter covered Lib Dem tax plans, anti-terror laws and immigration.\nMr Kennedy said during his nearly 22 years in Parliament he had seen prime ministers and party leaders come and go and knew the pitfalls of British politics. "1983 was when I was first elected as an MP - so Tony Blair, Michael Howard and myself were all class of \'83 - and over that nearly quarter of a century the world has changed out of recognition," he said. "We don\'t actually hear the argument any longer: \'Lib Dems, good people, reasonable ideas but only if we thought they could win around here - it\'s a wasted vote\'. "You don\'t hear that because the evidence of people\'s senses demonstrates that it isn\'t a wasted vote." But he said Mr Blair had lost the trust of the British people. "There is a fundamental lack of trust in Tony Blair as prime minister and in his government," he said.\n"What we\'ve got to do as a party - what I\'ve got to do as a leader of this party - is to convey to people that what you see is what you get." Mr Kennedy also used his TV appearance to defend his party\'s plans to increase income tax to 50% for those earning more than 100,000, saying it would apply to just 1% of the population. He said the extra revenue would allow his party to get rid of tuition and top-up fees, introduce free personal care for the elderly and replace the council tax with a local income tax. Mr Blair has already spent a day with Five and Michael Howard is booked for a similar session.'), ('Gerrard happy at Anfield', 'Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard has reiterated his desire to stay at Anfield and win trophies with the club.\nThe 24-year-old England midfielder is determined to see out his contract, despite reported interest from Chelsea. He said: "I\'m signed here for this season and another two so there is no situation. There\'s a lot of speculation but that\'s not down to me. "As club captain all I want to do is help us get back up the table and into the Champions League again." Gerrard looked set to move to Chelsea during the summer and speculation of a switch to Stamford Bridge has again arisen, with the January transfer window approaching. He raised doubts about his Reds future when he said he wanted the club to prove they were title challengers in the very near future or he might leave. Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez has insisted that Gerrard has promised him he wants to stay at Anfield. Benitez said: "I said to Steven that I was sure he wanted to stay here and he said \'I do\'.\n"I then said to him \'Look, if you want to win titles, you want medals and you want Liverpool to have these things then I am going to need your help\'. "I really think he wants to stay so now what we must do is make the squad stronger for him." Meanwhile, Gerrard has urged the Anfield board to sign Real Madrid striker Fernando Morientes in the January transfer window. Morientes, 28, has already expressed a willingness to come to England. Gerrard added: "He\'s a great player. He scores goals in the league, in cup competitions and also in the Champions League. "I don\'t think he\'d be able to play for us in Europe this season but if we are able to get hold of him, we\'d be getting ourselves a great player.\n"He\'d have Spanish coaches, a Spanish manager and we have got three or four Spanish players here now so they\'ll help him settle in. "Rafael Benitez knows what he wants and he knows how to strengthen the squad he\'s got and if the right players become available at the right price I am sure we will strengthen. "It would certainly be nice to see a few new faces in January to freshen things up."'), ("Lib Dems predict 'best ever poll'", 'The Lib Dems are set for their best results in both the general election and the local council polls, one of their frontbenchers has predicted.\nLocal government spokesman Ed Davey was speaking as the party launched its campaign for the local elections being held in 37 English council areas. The flagship pledge is to replace council tax with a local income tax. The Tories say the Lib Dems would make people pay more tax and Labour says the party\'s sums do not add up. Looking to the coming elections, which are all expected to be held on 5 May, Mr Davey said: "We are going to be winning more votes and winning more seats. "I think we are going to have the best general election results and local election results we have ever had under [party leader] Charles Kennedy. "I couldn\'t think of a stronger endorsement of a leader."'), ('Lib Dems unveil election slogan', 'The Liberal Democrats will present themselves as "the real alternative" in the forthcoming general election campaign, Charles Kennedy has said.\nUnveiling the slogan at the party\'s spring conference, he said there was no "glass ceiling" to its ambitions. He told delegates that Labour had abused the public\'s trust and that the Tories had failed to oppose them. In response, the Conservatives insisted that theirs was the party that understood the "forgotten majority".\nSpeaking in Harrogate Mr Kennedy said: "People want a credible, principled political party which offers a different vision of what Britain can be."\nOnly the Liberal Democrats stood against the Iraq war, he said, and they had also provided strong opposition to the government\'s plans on ID cards, anti-terror measures and taxation. He said: "If you voted Conservative in 2001 ... what good did it do you? Your vote was wasted. "What people needed was ... a party which was listening to their concerns; a party which was prepared to stand up and say so; a party which said no to the prime minister." Responding to the claims Tory Party co-chairman Liam Fox said: "Like Labour, the Lib Dems are soft on crime, support higher taxes, oppose controlled immigration and support giving Europe more control over our lives."\nMr Kennedy also outlined his party\'s plan to impose a 50% income tax rate on earnings over 100,000 a year. The money would be used to help pay for key policies such as abolishing university tuition fees, scrapping council tax in favour of local income tax, and providing free care for the elderly, he said. Labour and the Tories claim the sums do not add up, and that working families would be hardest hit. Mr Kennedy said: "Britain is the fourth-largest economy in the world. We have world class businesses and a world class workforce.\n"So why are two million of our pensioners living below the poverty line?" All the parties are campaigning hard for an expected election in May, although Prime Minister Tony Blair has not confirmed any timing. Earlier, Mr Kennedy told Radio 4\'s Today programme there was no possibility of forming a coalition with Labour in the event of a hung Parliament. "We go into the election as an independent party and we come out as an independent party," he said. Mr Kennedy has been under fire in recent days for missing Monday\'s Commons vote on the government\'s controversial anti-terrorism laws, along with 16 other Lib Dem MPs. On Saturday, the Lib Dem chief executive said it was "just a cock-up" that Mr Kennedy and his colleagues missed the vote, which the government won by a majority of only 14. "Nobody had any idea that was going to happen," Lord Rennard told reporters at the party conference. He said he was certain MPs would get another chance to vote against the plans.'), ('Kennedy looks to election gains', 'They may not know quite how to describe their position in British politics - the real opposition, the valid opposition, the effective opposition or the authentic opposition.\nBut the Liberal Democrats are entering the expected 2005 election campaign determined to prove it is they, not the Tories, who are now the real threat to Labour. As Tory leader Michael Howard kicked off his election campaign, the Lib Dem leader Charles Kennedy dismissed the Conservatives as a "fading" force. And he insisted there was "no limit" to his party\'s ambitions in the coming poll. And he can produce some pretty impressive recent election results to back up his optimism for an election which he believes might just see his party doing big things. Sensible third party leaders are usually cautious about making any predictions about how they will do come the big test.\nAnd Mr Kennedy was not falling into that trap when he fired up his campaign from the party\'s Westminster HQ. He would make no predictions other than that he expected the Lib Dems to increase both their votes and their Commons seats at the election.\nThe gap between Labour and the Tories was now so narrow - as proved, he claimed, by the defection to Labour of Robert Jackson - that only his party offered a genuine alternative. On the war on Iraq, identity cards, student fees and the council tax, there was nothing to chose between the two big parties whereas the Liberal Democrats offered costed, sensible alternatives. He was also happy to break the two party consensus on taxation by promising to increase income tax on those earning more than 100,000 a year to pay for the scrapping of student fees, the introduction of free personal care for the elderly and replacing the council tax with a local income tax. He was also happy to offer a pledge that he would be doing no deals to "prop up" either of the other big parties after the election.\nThere was a time when such optimistic sounds coming from the third party could be dismissed as self-delusion. That is no longer the case with the Liberal Democrats. The other parties will still insist that the Lib Dems are no hopers whose greatest effect on the poll will be to boost the hopes of their opponents by denying them otherwise winnable seats.\nLabour, in particular, fears that disillusioned supporters may switch to the Lib Dems allowing the Tories to win some seats. But Mr Kennedy is clearly hoping for a more significant outcome than that. He will not talk about the big breakthrough, although there are those who believe this could well be the election that sees his party crossing some sort of symbolic threshold. They would argue that, by the time of the election after next, the Liberal Democrats may genuinely have replaced the Tories as the party challenging Labour for power. The Lib Dems will hope to have made advances because of their consistent stand against the war on Iraq. But Mr Kennedy believes his new manifesto will also offer sensible, costed and achievable policies on things like the council tax, crime and asylum that will underpin his claim that his party really is the only opposition worth the name.'), ('Taxes must be trusted - Kennedy', 'Public trust in taxes is breaking down because Labour and Tories are not being straight with people on the issue, Lib Dem leader Charles Kennedy has said.\nA day ahead of the government\'s pre-Budget report, Mr Kennedy used a speech to say his party was facing up to "painful economic realities". He said the current level of taxation was about right, although he would put a new 50% tax on top earners. Other parties have accused the Lib Dems of making uncosted promises. Mr Kennedy made it clear he was determined to counter that accusation. The Lib Dems have already published what they say are the full costings for all their plans and Wednesday\'s speech did not announce new policies.\nSpeaking at the Commonwealth Club, Mr Kennedy said it was critical for a political party to have economic credibility, both on what it promised and what it was expected to deliver. He said. "Budgets have to add up. Tough choices are needed in public spending." The Lib Dems would cut "low priority" spending, including the government\'s ID cards scheme and the Child Trust Fund.\nThose cutbacks would free up funds for increasing basic state pensions for over-75s, putting more police on the streets and reintroducing fee eye and dental checks, he said. The Lib Dems argue they were honest about taxes in the past by calling for a 1p rise on income tax. Now they say the only simple tax rise they want is a new 50% tax band for top earners to pay for scrapping university tuition fees, providing free personal care for elderly and disabled people and keeping local taxes down. There would also be a local income tax to replace council tax and a number of changes to environmental taxes to ensure it is the "polluter who pays".\nThe Lib Dems say the Tories have only laid out possible options for cutting taxes to grab headlines while Labour has hidden most of its tax rises. Mr Kennedy said: "That contract with the people - that the government will only tax fairly and will spend their money wisely - can only be sustained if the political parties are straightforward about their plans. "With the stealth tax strategy of Gordon Brown, the obvious unfairness of our current tax system - especially the council tax, and the empty promises of the Conservative party on this issue - it is no wonder that trust in taxation is breaking down." He challenged the Treasury to open up its books so the National Audit Office can report on the government\'s performance.\nConservative co-chairman Liam Fox said: Liam Fox said "If Charles Kennedy is serious about making his budgets add up he should start by explaining how they would fund their 100 spending commitments. "The reality is, the Lib Dems lack the courage to tackle waste and bureaucracy, and the only people who would face \'tough choices\' would be the families who would be 630 worse off a year. " And Chancellor Gordon Brown said the Lib Dem figures did not add up. He accused the party of claiming it would spend less while across the country committing itself to spend more.'), ('Athens memories soar above lows', 'Well, it\'s goodbye to another Olympic year and as usual there were plenty of highs and lows in Athens.\nObviously, there\'s no getting away from the differing fortunes of Kelly Holmes and Paula Radcliffe. But I want to remind you of a few more events that made 2004 another year to remember - or forget - for athletics. \n \nOne of my favourite Olympic moments was Kelly\'s success in the 800m.\nWinning that race was the key to her success because if she won that then the 1500m would be a bit of a formality. Kelly had been full of "should I, shouldn\'t I?" thoughts about going for the double in Athens. I thought why wouldn\'t you do the 800m, it\'s your best event? It was such good fun to commentate on her 1500m and it was nice to be able to be part of her Athens story. \n \nThe victory for the British men\'s 4x100m relay team was a bit of a surprise but a great climax to the Games. I think the four of them - Jason Gardener, Darren Campbell, Marlon Devonish and Mark Lewis-Francis - knew deep down that it was their best chance of a medal. The lads had run poorly in the individual sprints so maybe they did lift their game when they knew something was really at stake. \n \nHicham El Guerrouj\'s Olympic double is a much bigger achievement than Kelly\'s on a global scale.\nHe was the first man since for 80 years to win both the 1500m and 5,000m titles. As soon as he had added the 5,000m crown and I had finished commentating, I jumped up, ran down the stairs, pushed everyone out the way and just gave him a big hug. He is one of the few African runners who has embraced the tradition of the mile and he loves to hear all the Roger Bannister stories. Hicham is someone I enjoy having a bit of time with, even though my French and his English are not very good. \n \nWhat happened to Paula in Athens this year is the obvious low on a personal level and for the expectations of the nation as well. There were a set of circumstances around Athens that conspired to produce a very dramatic ending which I think has been greatly misunderstood. Dropping out of the marathon was the right thing to do but starting in the 10,000m five days later was not wise. That was her heart and not her head reacting. Paula had a lot of little things going wrong in her preparation and on the day.\nThings like niggling injuries, not being able to do all her running sessions and feeling the pressure of the race looming ahead of her. I think she came to the start line in Athens physically and emotionally drained. And if even the smallest thing doesn\'t feel right when you are preparing to race a marathon, 10 miles down the road it will hit you like a brick wall. The positive thing to take from Paula\'s Olympics it that she will have learned a lot from it and so will a lot of people - including me. \n \nPurely as a race, Paula\'s victory in the New York Marathon has to go down as one of the most thrilling. It was so nip-and-tuck between her and Kenya\'s Susan Chepkemei and you don\'t usually get that kind of excitement in marathons. It was also a real delight for all athletics fans because, to use one of my favourite words, Paula showed real "bouncebackability". And it was a bit of a rarity for me too because I genuinely did not have an inkling how the race was going to pan out. \n \nKelly and the 4x100m boys\' victories papered over the cracks in the general performance of the British team. We should be concerned that we\'re not producing enough people who are capable of reaching finals at senior level.\nThe only individual men\'s finalist on the track was Michael East in the 1500m. I am beginning to look down and wonder where are the new breed? And that\'s where things begin to look even gloomier for British athletics as we did not win any medals at the world junior championships in Italy. Dani Barnes came fourth in the 1500m and she was the highest finisher for Team GB. The thing is if we don\'t have athletes getting into the finals at junior level then it really doesn\'t look good for the Beijing Olympics and beyond. \n \nI tell you what I really enjoyed this year, Benita Johnson winning the world cross country championships back in March. In the absence of Paula, we tend to think of the event as something of an African preserve. So to have an Australian come up and deliver such a surprise was something special. \n \nTo be honest, I\'m getting bored with all the drug scandals, especially Balco. I just wish the whole thing would come to a head so we can move on.\nHaving said that, I\'m always pleased when drugs cheats are caught because it shows the sport is standing up to it and not turning a blind eye anymore. And one of the positive things to come out of Balco is people are starting to blow the whistle. We need more people to come forward and help the authorities kick out the cheats. As regards the case against Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou, well suspicions have been hanging over Kenteris for a while. The bottom line is we cannot keep letting drugs damage the sport because if we do then it stops everyone enjoying it.'), ('Kennedy begins pre-election tour', 'Liberal Democrat leader Charles Kennedy has begun a week-long tour to persuade voters they are the "real opposition".\nMr Kennedy is visiting constituencies in Somerset and Hampshire on Monday - rural seats where his party is hoping to make gains from the Conservatives. Later he will visit places, such as Liverpool, where Labour is targeted. Labour say a Lib Dem vote could "let the Tories in", while the Tories say the Lib Dems would mean "higher taxes, soft crime laws, more power to Europe". Mr Kennedy\'s tour comes as he, Labour leader Tony Blair and Conservative leader Michael Howard all step up campaigning ahead of the next General Election, widely expected to be held on 5 May. On Tuesday Mr Kennedy will visit Leicester South, where Lib Dem MP Parmjit Singh Gill overturned a big Labour majority to win the seat in last year\'s by-election.\nStops in Shrewsbury, North Dorset, Liverpool, Manchester, Basingstoke and west London are planned for later in the week. The Liberal Democrats say in the northern cities, the race is between them and Labour, while in southern seats - particularly the south west - it is between them and the Tories. Speaking to the BBC\'s Westminster Hour on Sunday, Mr Kennedy said the upcoming general election - widely tipped for 5 May - would be much more unpredictable than any others in "recent experience". Asked whether it was realistic to assume the Liberal Democrats could win the general election, he said: "There\'s no limit to the ambitions we have as a party. "But we have got to be responsible, we have got to be credible, we have got to demonstrate to people that we are up to that task."\nMr Kennedy said the British public felt let down by Labour on issues from Iraq to top-up fees and the Conservatives were not "asking the critical questions". And he said people were "highly sceptical" about Labour and Conservative promises on tax. But he brushed off Labour suggestions a vote for his party would mean letting the Tories in "by the back door". "If you look at the four previous parliamentary by-elections, the Liberal Democrats have demonstrated that, not only can we leapfrog the Conservatives where we start in a third place position, but we can go on to defeat the government. "That\'s going to be the story, I think, of this coming general election."'), ('Lib Dems highlight problem debt', 'People vulnerable to problem debts should be afforded greater protection from banks aggressively promoting financial products, the Lib Dems say.\nVincent Cable says one in eight households already struggle with debt and that will worsen if there is a hike in interest rates or unemployment. The Lib Dems\' Treasury spokesman is unveiling a policy aimed at the issue. He wants to see "proper health checks" when loans are marketed so people know to take out payment protection.\n"Were economic conditions to deteriorate at all, large numbers of people could be affected because they have borrowed to the limit," Mr Cable told BBC News. "Banks are very aggressively promoting debt in many cases there is a bigger problem ahead." Mr Cable said the government\'s Consumer Credit Bill would target some of the "extreme problems" such as loan sharking, but ministers had been "a bit complacent" about the wider issue of debt levels. He said much of the payment protection currently available was "extremely expensive" and there were "lots of exclusions".\nMr Cable added that the Office of Fair Trading should investigate the market. Lib Dem leader Charles Kennedy meanwhile is in the middle of a tour of the UK aimed at persuading voters his is the "real opposition". Mr Kennedy is visiting a mixture of rural seats, where his party is hoping to make gains from the Conservatives, and urban areas traditionally associated with Labour. Labour say a Lib Dem vote could "let the Tories in", while the Tories say the Lib Dems would mean "higher taxes, soft crime laws, more power to Europe". Mr Kennedy\'s tour comes as he, Labour leader Tony Blair and Conservative leader Michael Howard all step up campaigning ahead of the next General Election, widely expected to be held on 5 May.\nThe Liberal Democrats say in the northern cities, the race is between them and Labour, while in southern seats - particularly the south west - it is between them and the Tories. Speaking to the BBC\'s Westminster Hour on Sunday, Mr Kennedy said the upcoming general election - widely tipped for 5 May - would be much more unpredictable than any others in "recent experience". And he brushed off Labour suggestions a vote for his party would mean letting the Tories in "by the back door". "If you look at the four previous parliamentary by-elections, the Liberal Democrats have demonstrated that, not only can we leapfrog the Conservatives where we start in a third place position, but we can go on to defeat the government. "That\'s going to be the story, I think, of this coming general election."'), ("Top Tories on Lib Dem 'hit list'", 'The Liberal Democrats are aiming to unseat a string of top Tories - including leader Michael Howard - at the next general election.\nMr Howard\'s seat is at the top of the Liberal Democrats\' list. Others targeted include Oliver Letwin, David Davis and Theresa May, Lib Dem\'s elections chief Lord Rennard said. He said it was "nothing personal" but that "very many of the prominent Conservatives" had slender leads in seats where the Lib Dems were second.\nIn 2001, Michael Howard won the Folkestone & Hythe seat with 20,645 votes, compared to 14,738 for the Liberal Democrat candidate Peter Carroll, giving the Tory leader a majority of 5,907. Asked if this amounted to the party\'s much vaunted "decapitation strategy" Lord Rennard said it was not a term he had ever used. But he urged Labour supporters to vote tactically to remove prominent Conservatives. "I just don\'t think Labour voters in these sort of seats could resist the temptation to use their votes effectively to remove a Conservative." He denied this strategy was opportunism, insisting the Lib Dem\'s policies on issues such as tuition fees, the council tax and free care for the elderly appealed "to all sides of the political spectrum". "We are in favour of tactical voting as long as the tactic is to vote Liberal Democrat," he added. A Conservative spokesperson said: "The Liberal Democrats can talk all they like about strategy. The problem the Liberal Democrats face is that a large number of Lib Dem voters do not agree with their policies. "We will be pointing out how they are soft on crime, how they support higher taxes, their opposition to controlled immigration and support for giving Europe more control over our lives".'), ("Lib Dems' 'bold' election policy", 'Charles Kennedy has told voters his Liberal Democrats will offer them an "honest choice" at the next general election.\nWith the other two big parties battling over which will impose the lowest taxes, Mr Kennedy is going into the looming election pledged to increase taxation. It is a bold policy and certainly ensures there is that choice between the Lib Dems and the other two. With his party\'s previous pledge to increase taxes by one penny in the pound to spend on public services already adopted by the government, he has switched tack. Now he is promising to levy a "modest" increase of the same amount on earnings over 100,000 a year to allow him to finance a series of pledges. They are to scrap student fees, finance free long term care for the elderly and replace the council tax with a local income tax. That last policy will also see about 3% of the most well off paying more while others, pensioners in particular, will pay less.\nLabour and the Tories have attacked his policies as both unworkable and not properly costed.\nInevitably they insist there is no need to raise taxes to fund improvements in services. The Tories claim they can improve services AND cut taxes through 35bn efficiency savings, while Labour has offered 22bn savings but has yet to map out precise tax proposals, although there is little chance they will propose increases. In many ways the argument between the Lib Dems and the others over taxation and spending echo the sort of arguments that raged between Labour and the Tories in the 1980s and early 1990s. But, unlike the old Tory-Labour debate, he believes voters are ready to see "modest" tax increases on the well off in order to fund improvements in services. That is a view partly endorsed by recent polls suggesting people would rather have cash spent on public services than tax cuts.\nSimilarly there is a different tone to the Lib Dem approach to asylum and immigration, with Mr Kennedy stressing politicians should not "foment an artificial debate" about immigration and attacking Michael Howard\'s proposals for quotas. Once again, with the two other big parties singing similar songs on immigration, Mr Kennedy is stressing the different, more liberal approach of his party. Mr Kennedy was also in buoyant mood over his party\'s election chances, declaring the Tories were not going to be "significant players" in the poll. He repeated his pledge not to do post-election deals with either party after the election. Mr Kennedy went on to suggest the re-election of a Labour government with a small majority would amount to a "massive vote of no confidence " in Tony Blair\'s government. That suggests the Lib Dem leader believes he may well find himself in a powerful, even pivotal position in a vastly different House of Commons after the next election. It is a dream the third party has dreamed many times before.'), ('Henman hopes ended in Dubai', 'Third seed Tim Henman slumped to a straight sets defeat in his rain-interrupted Dubai Open quarter-final against Ivan Ljubicic.\nThe Croatian eighth seed booked his place in the last four with a 7-5 6-4 victory over the British number one. Henman had looked on course to level the match after going 2-0 up in the second set, but his progress was halted as the rain intervened again. Ljubicic hit back after the break to seal a fourth straight win over Henman. Earlier in the day, Spanish fifth seed Tommy Robredo secured his semi-final place when he beat Nicolas Kiefer of Germany 6-4 6-4. Afterwards, Henman was left cursing the weather and the umpire after seven breaks for rain during the match. "It was incredibly frustrating," Henman said. "It\'s raining and the umpire doesn\'t take control. "He kept telling us to play till the end of the game. But if it\'s raining, you come off - the score\'s irrelevant. "It couldn\'t be more frustrating as I was very happy with my form until now. You don\'t expect this in the desert."'), ('Benitez issues warning to Gerrard', 'Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez has ordered captain Steven Gerrard not to play down their Champions League ambitions and be more positive.\nGerrard told the BBC Liverpool were unlikely to win the trophy this year. Benitez responded: "I spoke to Steven and said to him that in future it\'s better to think we can win the Champions League. Why not?" He said: "We need winners here and everyone thinking only of winning. I always want to win."\nBenitez added: "When we lose I only think of solutions. If you only think about winning the next game, you don\'t know what the draw will be. "If we can win the next game, maybe we will draw a side that isn\'t so strong, or a side with injuries or suspensions." Benitez is hoping to win his first trophy since arriving at Liverpool from Valencia when they play Chelsea in the Carling Cup on Sunday in Cardiff.'), ('Benitez joy as Reds take control', 'Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez was satisfied after his team\'s 3-1 win over Bayer Leverkusen despite conceding a goal in the last minute.\n"Before the game if you had said the score will be 3-1 I would have happily accepted that," said Benitez. "But you must realise that you have to concentrate right to the very last seconds of a game at this level. "I have confidence that we can complete the task in Germany. I am always confident and we must be positive."\nBenitez defended goalkeeper Jerzy Dudek, whose failure to hold on to Dimitar Berbatov\'s weak drive allowed Franca to score with the last kick of the game - and give the German team a lifeline for the second leg. "For me it was not Jerzy Dudek\'s fault," added Benitez. "He had played a very good game - and had we scored our other chances, nobody would be talking about about their goal. It would not have mattered. "If we had scored our other chances it would not have been worth remembering that last goal. "In my opinion Jerzy played well, made two very fine saves - and I am happy with him. "If we lose 2-0 we are out but I think we can score in Germany - certainly one, and that will make all the difference." And the Liverpool boss is looking forward to having skipper Steven Gerrard, who was suspended for the Anfield leg, back for the return in Germany.\n"Steven Gerrard is a key player for us," said Benitez. "When he is on the pitch he makes everyone else play better - and the opposition pay special attention to him - which gives space for others. "Steven is one of the best players in the world, but I need a team that is not about just one player. There must be 11 players on the pitch all doing well."'), ('Liverpool pledge to keep Gerrard', 'Liverpool chief executive Rick Parry insists the club will never sell Steven Gerrard amid reports Chelsea will renew their bid to lure him from Anfield.\nGerrard reiterated his desire to win trophies with the Reds after his superb Champions League winner on Wednesday. And Parry has moved to scotch claims that Chelsea could launch a 35m bid. "There is no chance of Stevie going in January," said Parry. "That just won\'t happen. Our intention is that we will never let him go." Gerrard scored a spectacular late goal to give Liverpool a 3-1 win over Olympiakos and book their place in the knockout stages. "Of course he is ambitious but so are we," Parry added. "We firmly believe that if we can satisfy his ambition he will remain a Liverpool player. "We have an open and straightforward relationship. We both know where we stand and that played a big part in his decision to stay last summer. If he was not so committed to Liverpool he would have gone by now." Gerrard had said before Wednesday\'s game he would consider leaving if the club was knocked out of Europe, with Real Madrid also believed to be monitoring his situation.\n"The main point I have made is I want to be in a Liverpool side which challenges for the Champions League and the title all the time," he said afterwards. "I want to be winning things with Liverpool, not somewhere else. "I am a fan as well and I think what I have said the supporters will agree with. "We have to build on wins like that, not just settle for a great win and then not progress any further. "My goal was one of the most important I have ever scored and I hope it turns out to be one of the most important for the club for a long time. "I know I put a lot of pressure on myself because of what I said, and I felt I needed a big performance, but I am not going to go around telling lies about how I feel."\nReds manager Rafael Benitez believes Gerrard can win everything he wants to without moving clubs. "Steven can win all he wants with us and we need him. He has seen that we have a good team and we can do more things in the future," said Benitez. "But if we want to win more games, important games, we need Steven in the team. "We need his strength, the strong mentality he has and his quality. I think he likes and wants the responsibility of leading this team."'), ("Kennedy's cautious optimism", 'Charles Kennedy is far too canny to make any grand claims about how his party may fare at the general election.\nIn his 22 years in the Commons, he has seen his fair share of such claims dashed on the rocks of bitter experience and, he might say, the UK\'s political and electoral system. But even his caution cannot hide the fact that this is a party and a leader that believes it may well be on the way to something special in a few months\' time. "Look, I have already said I am not going to put any artificial limits on our ambitions this time around," he said. He still seems to accept that the most likely outcome is another Labour victory of some sort. And his general election pitch is designed around the notion of the Lib Dems as the "real" opposition.\nBut doesn\'t that lead to the jibe that his is a party actively bidding to come second? He is prepared to go this far: "A clear conclusion has been reached, including by Conservatives, that the Conservatives are not going to win this election. "Therefore the potential is there for the Liberal Democrat advance to be one of the big stories of the election, given that we have the capacity to take on Labour and win as well as take on the Conservatives and win. "This is really going to be the first modern three party UK election that we have all experienced". But haven\'t we been here before, with suggestions in the 1980s that Labour was finished. Won\'t voters looking for an alternative to Labour still naturally gravitate to the Conservatives? "The problem is that, geographically, the Conservative party has melted away in about a third of Britain. "We have supplanted them as the main alternative to Labour in whole tracts of mainland Britain. And they are a party with an ageing and declining membership base and they just do not look vibrant or vital or in touch any longer with contemporary Britain".\nMr Kennedy is also eager to dispel any impression his party is the new party of the left and is likely to attract mostly disillusioned Labour voters.\nHe insists his three headline commitments, to be financed from a 1% tax increase on those earning over 100,000 a year, will appeal right across the political spectrum. They are to replace the council tax with a local income tax, provide free long term care for the elderly and scrap student fees. He also believes being the only major party promising to increases taxes will not land him in the same trouble a similar policy did to Old Labour. "I think the tax argument has moved on a lot in British politics particularly in the context of the forthcoming general election," he said. Under a Labour government the tax burden would have to rise, while the Tories\' plans to increase spending in some areas while also reducing taxes is just incredible, he claims.\n"We are being straightforward with people, saying you know there is likely to be an increase in the tax burden, we are only recommending one specific tax rise for the top end of income scale earners to fund three specific policies".\n"That is a clear cut choice for people, one I am very comfortable with and I think will distinguish us from the others". As to his own future, he is clear. If, as expected, his party increases its showing at the election, he intends to go into the next parliament "on the front foot with a view to leading it right through that parliament into the next election because I see that as the decisive opportunity for us". That last remark reflects a view gaining ground in Westminster that, if the Tories do as badly as some fear, the election after next might really see that historic breakthrough by the third party. Perhaps then Mr Kennedy will be ready to put some of the caution to one side.'), ('Hewitt falls to Dent', 'Lleyton Hewitt suffered a shock defeat to Taylor Dent in the quarter-finals of the Australian Hardcourt Championships in Adelaide on Friday.\nThe top seed was a strong favourite for the title but went down 7-6 (7-4) 6-3 to the American. Dent will face Juan Ignacio Chela next after the fourth seed was too strong for Jurgen Melzer. Olivier Rochus beat third seed Nicolas Kiefer 6-7 (4-7) 7-6 (8-6) 7-5 and will take on second seed Joachim Johansson. The Swede reached the last four by beating compatriot Thomas Enqvist 6-3 4-6 6-1. "I felt like I was striking the ball much better," said Johansson. "I felt like I had a lot of break chances, I didn\'t take care of them all, but I broke him four times and he only broke me once. "I felt that was the key to get up in the set early."'), ('US data sparks inflation worries', 'Wholesale prices in the US rose at the fastest rate in more than six years in January, according to government data.\nNew figures show the Labor Department producer price index (PPI) rose by 0.3% - in line with forecasts. But core producer prices, which exclude food and energy costs, surged by 0.8%, the biggest rise since December 1998, increasing inflationary concerns. In contrast, the University of Michigan barometer of US retail consumer confidence showed a slight dip. The university\'s index of consumer spending fell to 94.2 in early February from 95.5 in January, which could indicate a fall in retail spending by the US public. The mixed set of data on Friday led to volatile early Wall Street trade, as the Dow Jones, Standard and Poor\'s 500, and Nasdaq swung between positive and negative territory.\nThe economic figures come on the back of increased fears that the Federal Reserve chairman may be about to raise interest rates in order to stifle any inflationary pressures. The Fed has been raising interest rates at a gradual pace since June 2004, in an attempt to make sure inflation does not get out of control.\nMr Greenspan told Congress this week that the central bank was on guard against the possibility that a rebounding economy could trigger stronger inflation pressures. "The PPI would argue for Greenspan to continue to raise rates at a measured pace," said Joe Quinlan, chief market stategist at Bank of America Capital Management. "But this Michigan survey tells you that the consumer might be downshifting a little bit in terms of their confidence and their spending; this could be an indication of that."\nConsumer spending accounts for 66% of US economic activity and is viewed as a gauge of the health of the economy, which is why the Michigan data is closely observed. However on Friday, it was overshadowed by the core PPI core figure, which surged 2.7% during the past 12 months, the biggest year-on-year gain in nine years. "The concern is that traders might interpret this big jump in the core PPI as an impetus for the Fed to be more aggressive than a measured move in moving rates," said Paul Cherney, chief market analyst at Standard & Poor\'s. But Ian Shepherdson, chief US economist at High Frequency Economics, said the PPI report was "much less alarming" than at first glance. One-time increases in alcohol and tobacco prices, which "are no indication of broad PPI pressure", were responsible for the increase, he said. Prices for autos and trucks also jumped in January, but Shepherdson said "it is a good bet these increases won\'t stick".'), ('Lewis-Francis turns to Christie', 'Mark Lewis-Francis has stepped up his preparations for the new season by taking advice from British sprint icon Linford Christie.\nThe 22-year-old is set to compete at Sheffield this weekend and will then take on Maurice Greene and Kim Collins in Birmingham on 18 February. "Training in Wales and getting advice from Linford Christie is broadening my mind," said Lewis-Francis. The sprinter has also shed weight since winning relay gold at the Athens Games. "Last year I was 91kg, now I am 86.9kg - hopefully my times will come down," he said. "This has been brought about by eating the right foods and cutting out the snacks. It is just discipline and being more focused about what I am doing.\n"I am still keeping up my weights work and I can see the improvement in my running." Despite playing his part in Britain\'s successful 4x100m relay team, Lewis-Francis still feels the frustration of missing out on the individual 100m final at the 2004 Olympics. "That was heartbreaking, but I had made it to the semi-final and for me, on a personal level, that was an achievement. "I just have to be patient and build up for the next Olympics. That is my goal and whatever I do between now and then will be geared to making the final."'), ('Gerrard plays down European hopes', 'Steven Gerrard has admitted that Liverpool have little chance of winning the Champions League this season.\nThe 24-year-old Reds skipper spoke out ahead of Tuesday\'s first leg at home to Bayer Leverkusen in the last 16, which he will miss through suspension. "Let\'s be realistic, there are some fantastic teams left in the Champions League," he told BBC Radio Five Live. "We are just going to try to stay in as long as possible but we realise that maybe it is not our year this year." Gerrard has made no secret of his desire to be involved in Europe\'s premier club competition.\nLast season he described qualification for the Champions League as the "be all and end all" - and rumours persist that he will leave Anfield if the Reds fail to secure a place in the competition. He has consistently been linked with a move away from Liverpool, with Chelsea the favourites to snap up the England midfielder. And Blues boss Jose Mourinho backed Gerrard\'s view that Rafael Benitez\'s team could struggle to progress this season. "Rafa has still time in front of him to build an even better team, maybe he\'s a little bit behind (right now)," he told BBC Radio Five Live.\nGerrard, who fired Liverpool into the last 16 of this season\'s competition with a brilliant goal in December\'s win over Olympiakos, insisted he was still fully focused on helping Liverpool to glory this season. The Reds are currently fifth in the Premiership table, five points off the crucial fourth spot, which brings Champions League qualification - and they face Chelsea in Sunday\'s Carling Cup final. "It\'s big couple of months for Liverpool," he added. "We\'re fighting for the fourth spot for the Champions League for next season but we are still involved in two cup competitions, which are very important. "We are confident we can upset Chelsea in the Carling Cup final and get to the last eight of the Champions League because, financially, it is big for the club and, personally for myself, it is very good."'), ('Thompson says Gerrard should stay', 'Liverpool legend Phil Thompson has pleaded with Steve Gerrard to reject any overtures from Chelsea.\nThe ex-Reds assistant boss also warned that any honours won at Chelsea would be cheapened by the bid to buy success. He told BBC Radio Five Live: "Liverpool would think about any bid made but it will all be down to Steve in the end. "But it wouldn\'t have that same sweet feeling at Chelsea, where it\'s all money-orientated and about simply buying the best." Thompson reacted sharply to some Liverpool supporters, who criticised Gerrard\'s performance in the Carling Cup final against Chelsea. A number of fans questioned Gerrard\'s commitment and sarcastically branded his own goal in Liverpool\'s 3-2 defeat as his first goal for Chelsea.\nThompson added: "I heard those comments from so-called supporters and they were diabolical, absolutely outrageous. "Stevie carried the club last year and this year. He\'s always put Liverpool first." Thompson, who savoured seven title-winning seasons and two European Cup triumphs during his Anfield playing career, is confident that the lure of Champions League football will keep Gerrard at Anfield. "I hope Champions League football will beckon for Liverpool - either as winners or as finishing fourth in the Premiership - and he will commit himself. "There has been a lot of soul-searching the way things have gone lately. "I hope he\'s hardening to the fact he will have big decisions to make but I hope it is to the benefit of Steven Gerrard and I hope it is worthwhile for Liverpool."'), ('Liverpool revel in night of glory', 'Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez said their qualification for the next stage of the Champions League was "one of the proudest nights of my career."\nThe Reds beat Olympiakos 3-1 with a late Steven Gerrard strike and Benitez said: "It was a really great night. "The players ran hard all the time and you see how much it means to the fans. "We knew before the game that it was very important for the club to gain these extra finances. For Liverpool, this result is very, very important." Benitez hailed Gerrard for his match-winning strike four minutes from time and also the Anfield crowd for sticking by their side after they had fallen a goal behind at the interval. The Reds scored three second-half goals in a sensational comeback capped by Gerrard\'s 20-yard drive. He added: "Steven can play all over the pitch and he influences every part of the game.\n"I have said to him many times that he has the freedom because he has talent and is very important to us. "I felt that the difference between the sides was really our supporters, I cannot thank them enough. "I want to say thank-you to the supporters, they were magnificent to help us achieve this result." Gerrard admitted he thought they were going out of the Champions League after trailing 1-0 at half-time. He said: "I\'d be lying if I thought we were going through when we were losing at half-time.\n"We had a mountain to climb, but we have climbed it and credit to everyone. "That was one of the best goals I have scored, I caught it sweet, I haven\'t caught one like that for ages. It was a massive night for me and the team." Liverpool\'s win means all four of England\'s Champions League representatives have reached the knockout stages for the first time.'), ('Veteran Martinez wins Thai title', 'Conchita Martinez won her first title in almost five years with victory over Anna-Lena Groenefeld at the Volvo Women\'s Open in Pattaya, Thailand.\nThe 32-year-old Spaniard came through 6-3 3-6 6-3 for her first title since Berlin in 2000. "It feels really good," said Martinez, who is playing her last season on the Tour. "To come through like that in an important match feels good. "It\'s been nearly five years and I didn\'t think I could do it." Groenefeld was the more powerful player but could not match her opponent\'s relentless accuracy. "It was my first final, a new experience," said the German. "I think she played a good match, a tough match, but I tried to stay in there. I think the whole week was good for me."'), ('Parry firm over Gerrard', 'Listen to the full interview on Sport on Five and the BBC Sport website from 1900 GMT.\nBut Parry, speaking exclusively to BBC Sport, also admits Gerrard, who has been constantly linked with Chelsea, will have the final say on his future. He told BBC Five Live: "Steven is above money. He is the future of Liverpool. "It doesn\'t matter if it\'s 30m, 40m or 50m, we will not accept offers. But we are also realistic enough to know we can\'t keep Steven against his will." On the subject of Liverpool\'s finances, Parry also revealed the club is ready to explore the possibility of a sponsorship deal for its proposed new stadium.\nAnd responding to criticism from BBC Sport pundit and former Liverpool stalwart Alan Hansen, he insisted talks on new investment are ongoing, but added the door has not closed on shareholder and lifelong fan Steve Morgan. Parry joined Liverpool as chief executive in July 1998 from a similar role at the Premier League. There have been several highs and lows during his time in charge at Anfield - and he had a busy summer, overseeing the arrival of new manager Rafael Benitez and managing to hold on to Steven Gerrard.\nOn the subject of Liverpool\'s captain and prize asset, Parry revealed Real Madrid\ndid\nask for an option on the England midfield man during negotiations for striker Fernando Morientes. He said: "They were looking for ways of saying they got more out of the deal for Fernando Morientes, but the response to Real Madrid was the same - Steven is not for sale." But when asked if Gerrard would be a Liverpool player on the first day of next season, Parry said: "I sincerely hope he will be. Steven knows my views. He knows Rafa\'s views. "We have re-affirmed recently to Steven that we are trying to build a team around him. We crave success as much as he does. We know he\'s ambitious and nobody can argue with that.\n"I think Steven would dearly love to win things with Liverpool more than he\'d like to do anything else. "We all want to see progress by next season. He\'s not alone in that. There are a lot of other players who feel the same, so we all have a common aim." It is expected Chelsea will test Liverpool with a 30m-plus bid in the summer - but Parry claims he will be in no mood to listen. "There have been a lot of open secrets about Steven, most of which have been complete myths. It is suggested we had a deal tied up last summer. We didn\'t had an offer last summer," Parry explained. "We had told Chelsea that as far as we were concerned he was not for sale and we didn\'t want to sell him. In reality it didn\'t go beyond that. "Maybe there will be an offer in the summer. Maybe there won\'t.\n"Our position is we want Steven to stay, but we are also realistic enough and have enough respect for Steven - and he has enough respect for us - to know that it is his decision that will be crucial. "You are not going to keep a player like Steven against his will. That just doesn\'t work, but any idea we are going to accept offers for Steven and then tell him \'by the way we\'ve decided to sell you\' is not on the agenda. You can forget that." Parry is currently in the process of finalising funding for Liverpool\'s new stadium in Stanley Park, which is set to open in 2007. And he confessed Arsenal\'s 100m deal with Emirates to sponsor their new ground - complete with naming rights - has given the Anfield club serious food for thought. He said: "I have to say historically it is something I have been against, and I have been on record as saying that, but I think the size of the Arsenal deal is a real eye-opener.\n"I would say in the past deals have been done frankly far too cheaply and it just hasn\'t even been worth contemplating. "But the Arsenal deal is the sort of deal that causes you to draw breath and say \'wow - that\'s interesting.\' "My personal point of view is that I would find it a hell of a lot more palatable than a shared stadium." Some Liverpool fans would find such a move highly controversial, but Parry countered: "I recognise it would be an emotive issue for many supporters, but you look at the amount of money available and it could go into the team. "If it was the right partner how strong an issue is it? Time will tell. "I think the stadium will always be Anfield, not least because of where it is, but do we need to investigate the possibilities of sponsorship? I think it would be remiss not to. "That\'s not to say we have made a decision that we will go down that road, but I think it is clearly something we have to explore."\nOn the subject of possible new investment, Parry revealed Liverpool are still in negotiations with a mystery investor, with rumours of interest from the Middle East. That prompted the withdrawal of tycoon Steve Morgan, who got frustrated by failed bids and what he claimed was indecision by the board. He also accused Liverpool of using him as "a stalking horse" to attract other bids, but Parry explained: "Steve has never been used as a stalking horse. There\'s no need, and that is not the way we do business. "We had discussions with Steve over the course of 2004. I think we came close to concluding a deal in the summer but it didn\'t happen. "Quite genuinely, the new interest did appear relatively late in the day just prior to the AGM in December, and as I have said it was of such potential magnitude, and that potential is so exciting, we felt we had to evaluate it. We are still evaluating it. "Steve\'s interest was taken very much on its own merits. His enthusiasm for the club is there for all to see and who knows what the next few months will hold? "The door isn\'t closed on anything. We had a perfectly sensible dialogue with Steve last year. "We have a common interest in making Liverpool successful. That\'s a dream we all share, so as far as I\'m concerned the door is not closed."\nI would take 50m if we had no investment, but if we did, keep him. As for the stadium, if it gets us cash what difference does it make really?\n50m for Gerrard? I don\'t care who you are, the Directors would take the money and it is the way it should be. We cannot let that sum of money go, despite Gerrard\'s quality.\nThrough a cleverly worded statement, the club has effectively forced Gerrard to publicly make the decision for himself, which I think is the right thing to do.\nCritical time for Liverpool with regards to Gerrard. Ideally we would want to secure his future to the club for the long term. I am hoping he doesn\'t walk out of the club like Michael Owen did for very little cash.\n50m realistically would allow Rafa to completely rebuild the squad, however, if we can afford to do this AND keep Gerrard we will be better for it. I would however be happy with Gerrard\'s transfer for any fee over 35m.\nParry\'s statements are clever in that any future Gerrard transfer cannot be construed as a lack of ambition by the club to not try and keep their best players. Upping the ante is another smart move by Parry.\nI would keep Gerrard. No amount of money could replace his obvious love of the club and determination to succeed.\nThe key is if Gerrard comes out and says that he is happy. Clearly, if he isn\'t, then we would be foolish not to sell. The worrying thing is who would you buy (or who would come) pending possible non-Champions League football.'), ("Parry puts Gerrard 'above money'", 'Listen to the full interview on Sport on Five and the BBC Sport website from 1900 GMT.\nBut Parry, speaking exclusively to BBC Sport, also admits Gerrard, who has been constantly linked with Chelsea, will have the final say on his future. He told BBC Five Live: "Steven is above money. He is the future of Liverpool. "It doesn\'t matter if it\'s 30m, 40m or 50m, we will not accept offers. But we are also realistic enough to know we can\'t keep Steven against his will." On the subject of Liverpool\'s finances, Parry also revealed the club is ready to explore the possibility of a sponsorship deal for its proposed new stadium.\nAnd responding to criticism from BBC Sport pundit and former Liverpool stalwart Alan Hansen, he insisted talks on new investment are ongoing, but added the door has not closed on shareholder and lifelong fan Steve Morgan. Parry joined Liverpool as chief executive in July 1998 from a similar role at the Premier League. There have been several highs and lows during his time in charge at Anfield - and he had a busy summer, overseeing the arrival of new manager Rafael Benitez and managing to hold on to Steven Gerrard.\nOn the subject of Liverpool\'s captain and prize asset, Parry revealed Real Madrid\ndid\nask for an option on the England midfield man during negotiations for striker Fernando Morientes. He said: "They were looking for ways of saying they got more out of the deal for Fernando Morientes, but the response to Real Madrid was the same - Steven is not for sale." But when asked if Gerrard would be a Liverpool player on the first day of next season, Parry said: "I sincerely hope he will be. Steven knows my views. He knows Rafa\'s views. "We have re-affirmed recently to Steven that we are trying to build a team around him. We crave success as much as he does. We know he\'s ambitious and nobody can argue with that.\n"I think Steven would dearly love to win things with Liverpool more than he\'d like to do anything else. "We all want to see progress by next season. He\'s not alone in that. There are a lot of other players who feel the same, so we all have a common aim." It is expected Chelsea will test Liverpool with a 30m-plus bid in the summer - but Parry claims he will be in no mood to listen. "There have been a lot of open secrets about Steven, most of which have been complete myths. It is suggested we had a deal tied up last summer. We didn\'t had an offer last summer," Parry explained. "We had told Chelsea that as far as we were concerned he was not for sale and we didn\'t want to sell him. In reality it didn\'t go beyond that. "Maybe there will be an offer in the summer. Maybe there won\'t.\n"Our position is we want Steven to stay, but we are also realistic enough and have enough respect for Steven - and he has enough respect for us - to know that it is his decision that will be crucial. "You are not going to keep a player like Steven against his will. That just doesn\'t work, but any idea we are going to accept offers for Steven and then tell him \'by the way we\'ve decided to sell you\' is not on the agenda. You can forget that." Parry is currently in the process of finalising funding for Liverpool\'s new stadium in Stanley Park, which is set to open in 2007. And he confessed Arsenal\'s 100m deal with Emirates to sponsor their new ground - complete with naming rights - has given the Anfield club serious food for thought. He said: "I have to say historically it is something I have been against, and I have been on record as saying that, but I think the size of the Arsenal deal is a real eye-opener.\n"I would say in the past deals have been done frankly far too cheaply and it just hasn\'t even been worth contemplating. "But the Arsenal deal is the sort of deal that causes you to draw breath and say \'wow - that\'s interesting.\' "My personal point of view is that I would find it a hell of a lot more palatable than a shared stadium." Some Liverpool fans would find such a move highly controversial, but Parry countered: "I recognise it would be an emotive issue for many supporters, but you look at the amount of money available and it could go into the team. "If it was the right partner how strong an issue is it? Time will tell. "I think the stadium will always be Anfield, not least because of where it is, but do we need to investigate the possibilities of sponsorship? I think it would be remiss not to. "That\'s not to say we have made a decision that we will go down that road, but I think it is clearly something we have to explore."\nOn the subject of possible new investment, Parry revealed Liverpool are still in negotiations with a mystery investor, with rumours of interest from the Middle East. That prompted the withdrawal of tycoon Steve Morgan, who got frustrated by failed bids and what he claimed was indecision by the board. He also accused Liverpool of using him as "a stalking horse" to attract other bids, but Parry explained: "Steve has never been used as a stalking horse. There\'s no need, and that is not the way we do business. "We had discussions with Steve over the course of 2004. I think we came close to concluding a deal in the summer but it didn\'t happen. "Quite genuinely, the new interest did appear relatively late in the day just prior to the AGM in December, and as I have said it was of such potential magnitude, and that potential is so exciting, we felt we had to evaluate it. We are still evaluating it. "Steve\'s interest was taken very much on its own merits. His enthusiasm for the club is there for all to see and who knows what the next few months will hold? "The door isn\'t closed on anything. We had a perfectly sensible dialogue with Steve last year. "We have a common interest in making Liverpool successful. That\'s a dream we all share, so as far as I\'m concerned the door is not closed."\nI would take 50m if we had no investment, but if we did, keep him. As for the stadium, if it gets us cash what difference does it make really?\n50m for Gerrard? I don\'t care who you are, the Directors would take the money and it is the way it should be. We cannot let that sum of money go, despite Gerrard\'s quality.\nThrough a cleverly worded statement, the club has effectively forced Gerrard to publicly make the decision for himself, which I think is the right thing to do.\nCritical time for Liverpool with regards to Gerrard. Ideally we would want to secure his future to the club for the long term. I am hoping he doesn\'t walk out of the club like Michael Owen did for very little cash.\n50m realistically would allow Rafa to completely rebuild the squad, however, if we can afford to do this AND keep Gerrard we will be better for it. I would however be happy with Gerrard\'s transfer for any fee over 35m.\nParry\'s statements are clever in that any future Gerrard transfer cannot be construed as a lack of ambition by the club to not try and keep their best players. Upping the ante is another smart move by Parry.\nI would keep Gerrard. No amount of money could replace his obvious love of the club and determination to succeed.\nThe key is if Gerrard comes out and says that he is happy. Clearly, if he isn\'t, then we would be foolish not to sell. The worrying thing is who would you buy (or who would come) pending possible non-Champions League football.'), ('Stock market eyes Japan recovery', 'Japanese shares have ended the year at their highest level since 13 July amidst hopes of an economic recovery during 2005.\nThe Nikkei index of leading shares gained 7.6% during the year to close at 11,488.76 points. In 2005 it "will rise toward 13,000", predicted Morgan Stanley equity strategist Naoki Kamiyama. The optimism in the financial markets contrast sharply with pessimism in the Japanese business community. Earlier this month, the quarterly Tankan survey of Japanese manufacturers found that business confidence had weakened for the first time since March 2003.\nSlower economic growth, rising oil prices, a stronger yen and weaker exports were blamed for the fall in confidence. Despite this, traders expect strength in the global economy to benefit Japan, which has been close to sliding into recession in recent months. Structural reform within Japan and an anticipated end to the banking sector\'s bad debt problems should also help, they say.'), ('Benitez deflects blame from Dudek', 'Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez has refused to point the finger of blame at goalkeeper Jerzy Dudek after Portsmouth claimed a draw at Anfield.\nDudek fumbled a cross before Lomana LuaLua headed home an injury-time equaliser, levelling after Steven Gerrard put Liverpool ahead. Benitez said: "It was difficult for Jerzy. It was an unlucky moment. "He was expecting a cross from Matthew Taylor and it ended up like a shot, so I don\'t blame him for what happened." Benitez admitted it was a costly loss of two points by Liverpool, who followed up their derby defeat against Everton with a disappointing draw. He said: "We had many opportunities but didn\'t score and, in the end, a 1-0 lead was not enough. "If you don\'t have any chances you have to think of other things, but when you are creating so many chances as we are there is nothing you can say to the players. It was a pity. "We lost two points, but we have one more point in the table. Now we have another difficult game against Newcastle and we have to recover quickly from that."'), ('Holmes secures comeback victory', 'Britain\'s Kelly Holmes marked her first appearance on home soil since winning double Olympic gold with 1500m victory at the Norwich Union International.\nHolmes hit the front just before the bell in front of a sell-out crowd in Glasgow and cruised to victory in a time of four minutes 14.74 seconds. "It was nice to get that out of the way. I was nervous about whether I would actually be able to get round. "I felt good. I just had to relax and use my racing knowledge," said Holmes. "It was all about winning in front of my home crowd. The time is irrelevant. "I got round in one piece and didn\'t disgrace myself. Now it\'s about going forward. "The reception I\'ve had since the Olympics has been amazing and that\'s why I wanted to keep running this year, because I get a buzz from the crowd." Holmes ran a tactically perfect race to finish clear of France\'s Hind Dehiba and Russia\'s Svetlana Cherkasova. The Olympic 800m and 1500m champion\'s time was inside the qualifying mark for the European Indoor Championships in Madrid in March. But the 34-year-old would not reveal whether she intended to run or not, having previously indicated she would leave a decision until after the Birmingham Grand Prix on 18 February.'), ('Rochus shocks Coria in Auckland', 'Top seed Guillermo Coria went out of the Heineken Open in Auckland on Thursday with a surprise loss to Olivier Rochus of Belgium.\nCoria lost the semi-final 6-4 6-4 to Rochus, who goes on to face Czech Jan Hernych, a 6-4 7-5 winner over Jose Acasuso of Argentina. Fifth seed Fernando Gonzalez eased past American Robby Ginepri 6-3 6-4. The Chilean will meet sixth seed Juan Ignacio Chela next after the Argentine beat Potito Starace 6-1 7-6 (7-5). Rochus made the semi-finals at the Australian hardcourt championships in Adelaide last week and is naturally delighted with his form. "It\'s been two unbelievable weeks for me," he said. "Today I knew I had nothing to lose. If I beat him great, if I lost, I would be losing to a top-10 player." Coria conceded that Rochus "played just too good," and added: "When you give your best out there you can\'t be too sad."'), ('Parry relishes Anfield challenge', 'BBC Sport reflects on the future for Liverpool after our exclusive interview with chief executive Rick Parry.\nChief executive Parry is the man at the helm as Liverpool reach the most crucial point in their recent history. Parry has to deliver a new 60,000-seat stadium in Stanley Park by 2007 amid claims of costs spiralling above 120m. He is also searching for an investment package of a size and stature that will restore Liverpool to their place at European football\'s top table. But it is a challenge that appears to sit easily with Parry, who has forged a reputation as one of football\'s most respected administrators since his days at the fledgling Premier League.\nLiverpool have not won the championship since 1990, a fact that causes deep discomfort inside Anfield as they attempt to muscle in on the top three of Chelsea, Manchester United and Arsenal. Throw in the small matter of warding off every top club in world football as they eye captain Steven Gerrard, and you can see Parry is a man with a lot on his plate. But in the comfort of a conference room deep inside Liverpool\'s heartbeat - The Kop end - Parry spoke to us with brutal honesty about the crucial months ahead. He only dodged one question - when asked to reveal the name of the mystery investor currently courting Liverpool, a polite smile deflected the inquiry. But to his credit, he met everything else head on in measured tones that underscore the belief that Liverpool still mean business.\nBy business he means becoming title challengers again, and locking the pieces together that will help return the trophy to Liverpool is Parry\'s mission. Parry has already successfully put one of those planks in place in the form of new manager Rafael Benitez. And his enthusiasm for the Spaniard\'s personality and methods is an indication of his clear feeling that he has struck gold. Benitez\'s early work has given Parry renewed optimism about the years ahead. But it remains a massive task at a club with a unique history and expectations. This will not come as news to Parry, a lifelong Liverpool supporter, but his quiet determination suggests he is no mood to be found wanting...\nCaptain Gerrard is central to Liverpool\'s plans and Parry\'s insistence that all offers will be refused is a firm statement of intent. As ever, the player will have the final say, and Parry acknowledges that, but he is determined to provide the framework and environment for Liverpool and Gerrard to flourish.\nIn terms of the search for new investment, Hawkpoint were appointed as advisors to flush out interest in March 2004. Thailand Prime Minister Thaksin Shiniwatra came and went, while the most serious statement of intent came from tycoon and lifelong fan Steve Morgan. Morgan had a succession of bids rejected, having come close in the summer only for talks to break down over potential costs for the new stadium. BBC Sport understands Morgan is still ready and willing to invest in Liverpool, and Parry has kept the door ajar despite currently seeking investment elsewhere.\nMorgan, however, has had no formal contact with Liverpool or their advisors since last December, blaming indecision at board level as he publicly withdrew his 70m offer. He was also convinced his interest was being used to lure in others, so any new approach would now have to come from Liverpool. Morgan will certainly not be making another call. So speculation continues about the new benefactor, with trails leading to the Middle East and America, but all met with an understandable veil of secrecy from Anfield.\nParry meanwhile sees the new ground as crucial to Liverpool\'s future, but is refusing to become emotionally attached to the idea. He is determined the ground will only be built on an affordable basis and will not make future Liverpool management hostages to the new stadium. Parry will pull back the moment the figures do not stack up, but there has been a vital new development in North London that has re-shaped Liverpool\'s thinking.\nLiverpool have publicly refused to entertain the idea of stadium sponsorship and potential naming rights - but the realism of Arsenal\'s stunning 100m deal for their new Emirates Stadium at Ashburton has changed the landscape. Parry labelled the deal "an eye-opener" and admits Liverpool would be missing a trick not to explore the possibilities. He knows some traditionalist Liverpool fans will reel at any attempt to call the new stadium anything other than just \'Anfield\', but the maths of modern-day football decree that multi-millions for stadium and team could ease the pain.\nI would take 50m if we had no investment, but if we did, keep him. As for the stadium, if it gets us cash what difference does it make really?\n50m for Gerrard? I don\'t care who you are, the Directors would take the money and it is the way it should be. We cannot let that sum of money go, despite Gerrard\'s quality.\nThrough a cleverly worded statement, the club has effectively forced Gerrard to publicly make the decision for himself, which I think is the right thing to do.\nCritical time for Liverpool with regards to Gerrard. Ideally we would want to secure his future to the club for the long term. I am hoping he doesn\'t walk out of the club like Michael Owen did for very little cash.\n50m realistically would allow Rafa to completely rebuild the squad, however, if we can afford to do this AND keep Gerrard we will be better for it. I would however be happy with Gerrard\'s transfer for any fee over 35m.\nParry\'s statements are clever in that any future Gerrard transfer cannot be construed as a lack of ambition by the club to not try and keep their best players. Upping the ante is another smart move by Parry.\nI would keep Gerrard. No amount of money could replace his obvious love of the club and determination to succeed.\nThe key is if Gerrard comes out and says that he is happy. Clearly, if he isn\'t, then we would be foolish not to sell. The worrying thing is who would you buy (or who would come) pending possible non-Champions League football.'), ('Faultless Federer has no equal', 'Roger Federer - nice bloke, fantastic tennis player - the ultimate sportsman.\nWhen Lleyton Hewitt shook his hand after getting another thrashing, a third in as many months, the Australian said; "You\'re the best." How right he is. The stats speak for themselves: 11 titles from 11 finals during 2004 - three of them Grand Slams - and 13 final victories in a row going back to Vienna 2003. That\'s an open-era record. Hewitt, at times in Houston, showed form which easily matched his Grand Slam-winning efforts of 2001 and 2002. But he was outplayed. Twice. Hewitt, along with Andy Roddick and Marat Safin, is sure to be prominent during 2005. But realistically, all three will be fighting for the world number two ranking. According to all those players and even Federer himself, the Swiss star is in a different league.\n"Right now I feel that a little bit," he told BBC Sport. "I\'ve dominated all the top ten players. They say nice things about me because I have beaten them all. I am dominating the game right now and I hope it continues!" The number one player in the world is also the main man for promoting the sport off court. He has just been voted, by the International Tennis Writers, as the best "Ambassador for Tennis" on the ATP Tour. He has time for everyone. Every match, from first round to final, is followed by a series of press interviews in three languages; English, French and Swiss-German. After a major win, there are extra requests, obligations and interviews, all seen through to the end with courtesy and, most importantly, good humour. "You guys are funny, I have a good time with you guys," he said, genuinely happy to talk into yet another tape recorder. "I see you pretty much every day on the tour so to give away an hour for interviews is really no problem for me. "If I can promote tennis and the sport then that is good for me. People say thanks back and that is nice." What a refreshing attitude from someone who could easily dominate the sports pages for a decade. It sums up his modest personality. Shortly after collecting a Waterford Crystal trophy, a Mercedes convertible and a tasty cheque for $1.5m, Federer addressed the Houston crowd and concluded by saying "thanks for having me". Now he just needs to find a way of winning the French Open, the one Grand Slam to so far elude him.'), ('Holmes starts 2005 with GB events', 'Kelly Holmes will start 2005 with a series of races in Britain.\nHolmes will make her first track appearance on home soil since winning double Olympic gold in January\'s Norwich Union International in Glasgow. She will also run in the Grand Prix in Birmingham in February and may defend her indoor AAA 800m title in Sheffield earlier that month. "I am still competitive and still want to win," she said. "I\'m an athlete and I can\'t wait to get back on the track." She added: "These events are also a great opportunity to thank the British public for the enormous levels of support they have given me from the moment I stepped off that plane from Greece." The Glasgow meeting will see Holmes compete over 1500m in a five-way match against Sweden, France, Russia and Italy.'), ('Holmes starts 2005 with GB events', 'Kelly Holmes will start 2005 with a series of races in Britain.\nHolmes will make her first track appearance on home soil since winning double Olympic gold in January\'s Norwich Union International in Glasgow. She will also run in the Grand Prix in Birmingham in February and may defend her indoor AAA 800m title in Sheffield earlier that month. "I am still competitive and still want to win," she said. "I\'m an athlete and I can\'t wait to get back on the track." She added: "These events are also a great opportunity to thank the British public for the enormous levels of support they have given me from the moment I stepped off that plane from Greece." The Glasgow meeting will see Holmes compete over 1500m in a five-way match against Sweden, France, Russia and Italy.'), ('Safin cool on Wimbledon', 'Newly-crowned Australian Open champion Marat Safin has ruled out any chance of winning Wimbledon in the future.\nAfter losing in round one last year, Safin said he had "given up" on Wimbledon and winning his second Grand Slam title has not changed his mind. "I\'ll play, but with no expectations. I feel like I can\'t waste my time, my energy on that surface," he said. "Some people, they cannot play on clay. Some people, they cannot play on a hard court. Me, I can\'t play on grass." However, Safin is hopeful that winning the Australian Open will give him the belief he needs to win more Grand Slam titles. "It\'s a relief for me. Two grand slams, it\'s already something. But with this one I worked really hard for it," he said. "Basically, I would love to win a couple more. I think I have a chance if I continue this way.\n"If (coach) Peter Lundgren will stick around with me and wants to work with me for a bit longer, I think I can make it." The 25-year-old shocked Pete Sampras in the 2000 US Open final to win his first major title but then lost in two Australian Open finals. Safin admitted he had begun to doubt whether he would win another Grand Slam. "I didn\'t expect that (to win the 2000 US Open) - it was against Sampras, I wasn\'t the favourite so I had no pressure whatsoever," he said. "After the first final that I didn\'t win against Thomas Johansson (in 2002), I couldn\'t see myself winning the Grand Slams anymore. "I was once in the semi-finals of the French Open, but I didn\'t believe I can win it. "I just couldn\'t handle the pressure. You need to believe in yourself, and I didn\'t."\nAnd after losing the first set 6-1 to Lleyton Hewitt in Sunday\'s final, Safin said he began to doubt himself again. "I am 25. I\'m playing against Hewitt. At least you have to have the opportunity to win it, at least have a chance," he said. "It\'s like you go there and you lose first set 6-1, then you start to think: \'This is not my day. The way I\'m playing is ridiculous.\' "But then you start to really be a little bit more selfish and try to find a way out of there. "And I found it. I was like really much I was much happier than in 2000, that\'s for sure, because I get over it."'), ('Safin plays down Wimbledon hopes', 'Newly-crowned Australian Open champion Marat Safin has ruled out any chance of winning Wimbledon in the future.\nAfter losing in round one last year, Safin said he had "given up" on Wimbledon and winning his second Grand Slam title has not changed his mind. "I\'ll play, but with no expectations. I feel like I can\'t waste my time, my energy on that surface," he said. "Some people, they cannot play on clay. Some people, they cannot play on a hard court. Me, I can\'t play on grass." However, Safin is hopeful that winning the Australian Open will give him the belief he needs to win more Grand Slam titles. "It\'s a relief for me. Two grand slams, it\'s already something. But with this one I worked really hard for it," he said. "Basically, I would love to win a couple more. I think I have a chance if I continue this way.\n"If (coach) Peter Lundgren will stick around with me and wants to work with me for a bit longer, I think I can make it." The 25-year-old shocked Pete Sampras in the 2000 US Open final to win his first major title but then lost in two Australian Open finals. Safin admitted he had begun to doubt whether he would win another Grand Slam. "I didn\'t expect that (to win the 2000 US Open) - it was against Sampras, I wasn\'t the favourite so I had no pressure whatsoever," he said. "After the first final that I didn\'t win against Thomas Johansson (in 2002), I couldn\'t see myself winning the Grand Slams anymore. "I was once in the semi-finals of the French Open, but I didn\'t believe I can win it. "I just couldn\'t handle the pressure. You need to believe in yourself, and I didn\'t."\nAnd after losing the first set 6-1 to Lleyton Hewitt in Sunday\'s final, Safin said he began to doubt himself again. "I am 25. I\'m playing against Hewitt. At least you have to have the opportunity to win it, at least have a chance," he said. "It\'s like you go there and you lose first set 6-1, then you start to think: \'This is not my day. The way I\'m playing is ridiculous.\' "But then you start to really be a little bit more selfish and try to find a way out of there. "And I found it. I was like really much I was much happier than in 2000, that\'s for sure, because I get over it."'), ('Lib Dems target the student vote', 'Students can decide the fate of MPs in some seats at the next election, Liberal Democrat leader Charles Kennedy has claimed.\nThe party says the votes of students can win it 27 new seats at the poll. The figures assume all students will vote in their university town. In fact, some may vote where the parents live. The Lib Dems say scrapping university fees wins them student support. But the Tories would also end fees and Labour says both would cap people\'s ambitions.\nThe Lib Dems have named the 14 seats where there are enough students to take the Lib Dems from second place to beat Labour, and the 13 where they could go from second to beat the Tories. Launching his campaign to win students\' votes at the London School of Economics, Mr Kennedy urged students to "make their mark". He underlined Lib Dem plans to scrap university fees and reintroduce maintenance grants of up to 2,000. He said: "Top-up fees put students off university, especially those from a poorer background. "And is it really right that so many young people are starting out in life with mortgage-style debts hanging round their necks?" Mr Kennedy also said students want action on the environment and see the Iraq war, which his party opposed, as a defining issue.\nLabour has pushed through plans to let universities charge fees of up to 3,000 a year, with the poorest students eligible for non-repayable support of up to 3,000. Ahead of Mr Kennedy\'s launch, a Labour spokesperson said: "Like the Tories, the Liberal Democrats would restrict access to higher education and put a cap on aspiration, closing the door to students with good grades and restricting their life ambitions. "They are committed to abandoning Labour\'s targets of getting 50% of 18 to 30-year-olds going into higher education and under Lib Dem plans students would even have to study near home." The Conservatives say they would abolish university tuition fees and instead offer large student loans at commercial rates of interest.\nThey say the Lib Dem policy would leave universities wholly dependent for their income on the "goodwill" of the chancellor.\nShadow education secretary Tim Collins is on Thursday setting out a new scheme of vocational grants for 14 to 16-year-olds to tackle what he says are "crippling skills shortages". The Lib Dem analysis of the difference students could make to its election chances is based on all students being registered to vote near their university, not in their home towns. Although the expected 5 May election would be during term time, students can vote by post. The Electoral Commission and National Union of Students are worried students in halls of residence can find it hard to register to vote. Some hall wardens are reluctant to register students because of data protection fears - but students can get themselves registered. If the election is on 5 May, voters need to register by 11 March.\n - The seats where the Lib Dems say student votes can swing the election for them are: Bristol West, Cardiff Central, Leeds North West, Cambridge, Manchester Gorton, Sheffield Central, Oxford East, Newcastle-upon-Tyne Central, Liverpool Riverside, Holborn and St Pancras, Oldham East and Saddleworth, Manchester Withington, Islington South and Finsbury, Birmingham Yardley, Surrey South West, Taunton, Orpington, Haltemprice and Howden, Eastbourne, Isle of Wight, Dorset West, Bournemouth East, Wells, Canterbury, Cities of London and Westminster, Bournemouth West, Westmorland and Lonsdale.'), ("Roche 'turns down Federer offer'", "Australian tennis coach Tony Roche has turned down an approach from Roger Federer to be the world number one's new full-time coach, say reports.\nMelbourne's Herald-Sun said Roche, troubled by a hip complaint, did not want to travel full-time again. However, Roche is happy to work with the Swiss star on a casual basis and is helping him prepare for next month's defence of his Australian Open crown. Federer has been without a coach since splitting with Peter Lundgren in 2003. Roche, a former Davis Cup player for Australia, won the French Open, reached the Wimbledon and US Open finals and won five Wimbledon doubles titles with John Newcombe.\nHe also coached former number one Ivan Lendl and Pat Rafter to Grand Slam victories and has worked with Australia's Lleyton Hewitt. Some reports claim Federer initially wanted Andre Agassi's Australian coach Darren Cahill, before Agassi confirmed he would play on in 2005. Federer was named Swiss sportsman of the year on Saturday, to add to the BBC overseas sportsman and European Sports Journalists Association awards he has already won."), ('Slovakia reach Hopman Cup final', 'Slovakia will play Argentina in the final of the Hopman Cup after beating Group B rivals the Netherlands 3-0.\nDaniela Hantuchova defeated Michaella Krajicek 6-4 6-2 to give the Slovaks the perfect start before Dutchman Peter Wessels retired against Dominik Hrbaty. Wessels was unable to compete in the mixed doubles but Slovakia had already booked their place in the final for the second year running. Argentina claimed top spot in Group A with three wins from three matches. In the other Group B match, the United States defeated Australia 2-1.\nMeghann Shaughnessy lost the opening match against Alicia Molik but James Blake levelled the tie with a 6-3 6-4 win over Paul Baccanello, who came in as a replacement for the injured Mark Philippoussis. Blake and Shaughnessy then beat Molik and Baccanello in a tense mixed doubles contest to take the win. Hantuchova, who did not win a Hopman Cup singles match in 2004, has been in good form during this year\'s event and has won two of her three matches. "I feel like it\'s really deserved this time as I\'ve helped Dominik to get through," she said. "I think if I keep going the way I have been in the past few matches then I will be okay. "I was really pleased with my last two singles, even the first one, which was a really high standard. "You can\'t ask for a better preparation than to play a few matches here for the Australian Open."'), ('Houllier praises Benitez regime', 'Former Liverpool manager Gerard Houllier has praised the work of his Anfield successor Rafael Benitez.\nHoullier was angry at reports that he has been critical of Benitez since the Spaniard took over at Liverpool. But Houllier told BBC Sport: "In private and in public, I have stressed I believe Rafa is doing a good job. He is the right man at the right place. "Rafa is a good coach and a good man. I\'ve spoken to him since he has been at Liverpool and never criticised him." Houllier also revealed he is now ready to return to the game after leaving Liverpool in May following six years at Anfield.\nThe former France boss has been linked with a host of jobs and pulled out of the race to succeed Mark Hughes as Wales national coach. He has been working for Uefa, covering the Premiership for French television and also coaching in Brazil with national coach Carlos Alberto Perreira. Houllier said: "If a good club comes up at the right time then yes, I am ready to come back. "It has been interesting to watch games from a different perspective and I have learned things. "I have been involved in football since leaving Liverpool and my batteries are recharged."\nHoullier has been impressed with the quality in the Premiership after watching as a pundit - particularly with Jose Mourinho\'s work at leaders Chelsea. He said: "Chelsea are doing very well. They have some very good creative players in Damien Duff and Arjen Robben and Didier Drogba showed he can change the face of a game when he came on against Newcastle. "They have got a good team spirit and are strong mentally. They have shown they can cope with all the pressure put on them because of the expectations and cope well with Jose\'s principles. "Jose had results before he came to Chelsea and I think he will have an impact in the Premiership because he manages his team very cleverly." And Houllier, away from his brief at Liverpool, has been hugely impressed with the Premiership. He said: "It is a very exciting league. It is entertaining, goals are scored and teams are always trying to win. "It has been very interesting to watch the game from a different perspective. "Games switch from end-to-end and there is more pace to the Premiership than other leagues. It is a very good product."'), ("Kennedy criticises 'unfair' taxes", 'Gordon Brown has failed to tackle the "fundamental unfairness" in the tax system in his ninth Budget, Charles Kennedy has said.\nHow was it right that the poorest 20% of society were still paying more as a proportion of their income than the richest 20%, the Lib Dem leader asked. The new 200 council tax rebate for pensioners did nothing to fix the "unfair tax", he added. The government could not go on "patching up" the system, he added. Speaking in the Commons after Mr Brown had delivered what is widely thought to be the last Budget before the general election, Mr Kennedy acknowledged that the UK was one of the most successful economies in the world.\nBut he criticised both the chancellor and the Tories for failing to address the "ticking bomb" of council tax revaluation. He said the recent experience of Wales indicated seven million households in England would pay significantly more after revaluation. The chancellor\'s announcement that he was to offer a 200 council tax rebate paid by pensioner households was merely a "sticking plaster" to a much bigger problem. The Lib Dem plan for a local income tax would benefit the typical household by more than 450 a year, with half of all pensioners paying no local tax and about three million being better off.\nOn pensions, Mr Kennedy said it was a "scandal" that the system discriminated against women who had missed making National Insurance payments when they were having children. He said a residency criteria would end "at a stroke this fundamental iniquity". Mr Kennedy added his party\'s priorities of free long-term care for the elderly, abolishing top-up fees and replacing the council tax would be funded by charging 50% income tax to those earning more than 100,000 per annum. He contrasted his approach with Mr Brown\'s pledge in 2001 not to increase income tax. The chancellor went on to put up National Insurance contributions after the election. "For most individuals, most families, most households, it adds up to exactly the same thing," said Mr Kennedy. "And they wonder why people get cynical about their politicians when they give one impression before an election and do exactly the opposite after that election."'), ('Benitez delight after crucial win', 'Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez admitted victory against Deportivo La Coruna was vital in their tight Champions League group.\nJorge Andrade\'s early own goal gave Liverpool a 1-0 win. And Benitez said: "We started at a very high tempo and had many chances. It is a very important win for us and we could have scored more goals. "We were very good defensively and also good on the counter attack. We are pleased but move on to the next game." Igor Biscan was outstanding in midfield after replacing injured Xabi Alonso, and Benitez said: "He played very well. "It is important to have all the players ready and a good squad so you can play more games at a high level." Benitez added: "It is all back in our own hands now, it was a great win for us and I was delighted with what I feel was the best Liverpool I have seen. "As far as my feelings about winning in Spain, that is really not important. "I want to see us win away matches in the Champions League, that it was in Spain was not my first consideration. "As far as I am concerned it is important for Liverpool to win, it is not important in what country it is in." Benitez added: Benitez said: "We had a problem before the start, it was decided that Xabi could not play more than 45 minutes. "But in the end because of the way that (Dietmar) Hamann and (Igor) Biscan performed, we did not need to change things until right at the end of the match. "Depor are a good team and if you allow them to keep possession they can be very dangerous indeed. "But we knew that if we hit them on the counter-attack it would make them nervous, and that is how it worked out." Deportivo coach Javier Irureta said: "Liverpool played very well and we just could not break them down. "I know we have now gone six games at home in Europe without scoring, but that does not reflect our overall performances. "But this time we did not play well and we lacked imagination. "The goal was a bad mistake and a big blow to our confidence. Players who usually want the ball at that stage did not want it. "I know we are bottom of the group, but as long as there is hope of qualifying, we will hang on to that."'), ('Mixed Christmas for US retailers', 'US retailers posted mixed results for December - with luxury retailers faring well while many others were forced to slash prices to lift sales.\nUpscale department store Nordstrom said same store sales were 9.3% higher than during the same period last year. Trendy youth labels also sold well, with sales jumping 28% at young women\'s clothing retailer Bebe Stores and 32.2% at American Eagle Outfitters. But Wal-Mart only saw its sales rise after it cut prices. The company saw a 3% rise in December sales, less than the 4.3% rise seen a year earlier.\nCustomers at the world\'s biggest retailer are generally seen to be the most vulnerable to America\'s economic woes.\nCommentators claim many have cut back on spending amid uncertainty over job security, while low and middle-income Americans have reined in spending in the face of higher gasoline prices. Analysts said Wal-Mart faced a "stand-off" with shoppers, stepping up its discounts as the festive season wore on, as consumers waited longer to get the best bargains. However, experts added that if prices had not been cut across the sector, Christmas sales - which account for nearly 23% of annual retail sales - would have been far worse. "So far, we are faring better than expected, but the results are still split," Ken Perkins, an analyst at research firm RetailMetrics LLC, told Associated Press. "Stores that have been struggling over the last couple of months appear to be continuing that trend. And for stores that have been doing well over the last several months, December was a good month." Overall, December sales are forecast to rise by 4.5% to $220bn - less than the 5.1% increase seen a year earlier.\nOne discount retailer to fare well in December was Costco Wholesale, which continued a recent run of upbeat results with a better-than-expected 8% jump in same store sales. However, the losers were many and varied. Home furnishings store Pier 1 Imports saw its same store sales sink by a larger-than-forecast 8.8% as it battled fierce competition. Leading electronics chain Best Buy, meanwhile, missed its sales target of a 3-5% rise in sales, turning in a 2.5% increase over the Christmas period. Accessory vendor Claire\'s Stores also suffered as an expected last minute shopping rush never materialised, leaving its same store sales 5% higher, compared to a 6% rise last year. Jeweller Zale also felt little Christmas cheer with December sales down 0.7% on the same month last year. "This was not a good period for retailers or shoppers. We saw a dearth of exciting, new items," Kurt Barnard, president of industry forecaster Retail Consulting Group, said. However, one beneficiary of the desertion of the High Street is expected to be online stores. According to a survey by Goldman Sachs & Co, Harris Interactive and Neilsen/Net Ratings sales surged 25% over the holiday season to $23.2bn.'), ('Cars pull down US retail figures', 'US retail sales fell 0.3% in January, the biggest monthly decline since last August, driven down by a heavy fall in car sales.\nThe 3.3% fall in car sales had been expected, coming after December\'s 4% rise in car sales, fuelled by generous pre-Christmas special offers. Excluding the car sector, US retail sales were up 0.6% in January, twice what some analysts had been expecting. US retail spending is expected to rise in 2005, but not as quickly as in 2004.\nSteve Gallagher, US chief economist at SG Corporate & Investment Banking, said January\'s figures were "decent numbers".\n"We are not seeing the numbers that we saw in the second half of 2004, but they are still pretty healthy," he added. Sales at appliance and electronic stores were down 0.6% in January, while sales at hardware stores dropped by 0.3% and furniture store sales dipped 0.1%. Sales at clothing and clothing accessory stores jumped 1.8%, while sales at general merchandise stores, a category that includes department stores, rose by 0.9%. These strong gains were in part put down to consumers spending gift vouchers they had been given for Christmas.\nSales at restaurants, bars and coffee houses rose by 0.3%, while grocery store sales were up 0.5%. In December, overall retail sales rose by 1.1%. Excluding the car sector, sales rose by just 0.3%. Parul Jain, deputy chief economist at Nomura Securities International, said consumer spending would continue to rise in 2005, only at a slower rate of growth than in 2004. "Consumers continue to retain their strength in the first quarter," he said. Van Rourke, a bond strategist at Popular Securities, agreed that the latest retail sales figures were "slightly stronger than expected".'), ('Soderling wins tense Milan final', 'Fifth seed Robin Soderling took the Milan Indoors title with a dramatic win over Radek Stepanek in Sunday\'s final.\nThe 20-year-old Swede edged the final set tie-break for a 6-3 6-7 (2-7) 7-6 (7-5) victory and his second tour title after winning in Lyon last year. "I\'m delighted to have won against such a good opponent in a tournament of this importance," said Soderling. "I was really on form, my service was good and I really liked playing on the synthetic surface." Soderling, the world number 37, shrugged off a nervous start to take the opening set on his first set point. A change in approach from fourth seed Stepanek in the second set paid dividends as he took it on a tie-break, but Soderling\'s superior power proved too much in the third.'), ('Collins named UK Athletics chief', 'UK Athletics has ended its search for a new performance director by appointing psychologist Dave Collins.\nCollins, who worked with the British teams at the 2000 and 2004 Olympics, takes over from Max Jones. Six candidates were interviewed for the job, including Denise Lewis\' coach Charles van Commenee and former British triple jumper Keith Connor. "We\'ve searched long and hard to ensure we have found the right person," said UKA chief executive David Moorcroft. "We have thoroughly tested the candidates. I believe David will make a great leader and I have great faith in what he will achieve." Collins said: "It\'s a great challenge. Over the next few months I will spend time listening to those who already make a significant contribution to athletics and other elite sports in the UK." Collins, who has worked with javelin thrower Steve Backley in the past, started his career as a Royal Marine before becoming a PE teacher. He is currently professor of physical education and sport performance at Edinburgh University, where he helps competitors across many sports, including rugby, athletics, judo and football.\nHe has specialised in helping competitors fulfil their potential through psychology and has worked with the Great Britain women\'s curling team, who won gold at the 2002 Winter Olympics. Mark Lewis-Francis sought Collins\' advice in Athens when he was looking for inspiration before he ran the final leg of Britain\'s surprise triumph in the 4x100m relay. Collins has played rugby at regional level, was captain of the Great Britain American Football team, and competed at national level in judo and karate. He arrives with British athletics at a crossroads. Despite Kelly Holmes\' golden double and the success of the sprint relay squad, the GB team failed to live up to expectations in Athens. Many older competitors have retired or are coming to the end of their careers, and Britain failed to win a single medal at the world junior championships in Italy this year. Collins will not have day-to-day coaching contact with the athletes, but will be expected to make changes to the system and coaching set-up in order to secure medals at the Beijing Olympics in 2008. The appointment of a new performance director was one of the main recommendations in Sir Andrew Foster\'s review of the sport, which was published in May. It was commissioned by UK Sport and Sport England, which wanted UK Athletics to justify funding of more than 40m from the Government following the failure to hang on to the 2005 World Championships, which are now being held in Helsinki. Van Commenee dropped out of the selection process to take on the same role with the Dutch Olympic Committee, while Connor\'s application was rejected after an arduous interview process. Foster, however, declared himself satisfied with how the appointment was made. "The appointment of David Collins, with his strong mix of leadership skills and managerial experience, is testament to the professional and detailed recruitment process," he said.'), ('S Korean consumers spending again', 'South Korea looks set to sustain its revival thanks to renewed private consumption, its central bank says.\nThe country\'s economy has suffered from an overhang of personal debt after its consumers\' credit card spending spree. Card use fell sharply last year, but is now picking up again with a rise in spending of 14.8% year-on-year. "The economy is now heading upward rather than downward," said central bank governor Park Seung. "The worst seems to have passed." Mr Park\'s statement came as the bank decided to keep interest rates at an all-time low of 3.25%. It had cut rates in November to help revive the economy, but rising inflation - reaching 0.7% month-on-month in January - has stopped it from cutting further. Economic growth in 2004 was about 4.7%, with the central bank predicting 4% growth this year. Other indicators are also suggesting that the country is inching back towards economic health. Exports - traditionally the driver for expansion in Asian economies - grew slower in January than at any time in 17 months. But domestic demand seems to be taking up the slack. Consumer confidence has bounced back from a four-year low in January, and retail sales were up 2.1% in December. Credit card debt is falling, with only one in 13 of the 48 million cards now in default - down from one in eight at the end of 2003. One of its biggest card issuers, LG Card, was rescued from collapse in December, having almost imploded under the weight of its customers\' bad debts. The government last year tightened the rules for card lending to keep the card glut under control.'), ('Preview: Ireland v England (Sun)', 'Lansdowne Road, Dublin\nSunday, 27 February\n1500 GMT\nBBC1, Radio 4 LW and this website\nIreland are going for their first Grand Slam since 1948 after two opening wins, and England represent their sternest test of the Championship so far. England were sloppy and leaderless in the defeats against Wales and France and another loss would be unthinkable. The pressure is on coach Andy Robinson and his side have to deliver.\nDespite England\'s dramatic dip in form since the World Cup final - they have lost eight of their last 13 matches - Ireland coach Eddie O\'Sullivan says his side should not underestimate the visitors. "Had they kicked their points they would have beaten France and that would have created a different landscape for Sunday," he said. "This is England we are talking about. They have a depth of talent and a very good record against Ireland. "They will target a victory in Dublin as the turning point in their Six Nations." The differences between the sides is also highlighted in the team selections for the Dublin encounter.\nIreland, despite having Gordon D\'Arcy still out injured, have been boosted by the return of star skipper Brian O\'Driscoll who missed the Scotland game with a hamstring injury. "The knowledge that the England game was coming up really helped during rehabilitation," he said. "The will to play in this game was enormous. It doesn\'t get much bigger than England at home." As well as entering the tournament without players like Jonny Wilkinson, Mike Tindall and Richard Hill, England have now lost two tighthead props in Julian White and Phil Vickery while blind-side flanker Lewis Moody is a major concern. Robinson, who received a lot of flak for the inclusion and then dropping of centre Mathew Tait, has kept faith with kicking fly-half Charlie Hodgson despite his horror show at Twickenham. If England slump in Dublin, it will be their worst run of results in the Championship since 1987.\nBut Robinson was bullish during the week about the game, saying that his side "are going there to get in their faces", and has identified the line-out and tackle area as the key to England\'s chances. And despite the recent results, skipper Jason Robinson believes there is nothing wrong with the mood in the camp. "There is no lack of confidence in the team," said the Sale full-back. "We have had a good week\'s training and we are all looking forward to the challenge. "I still believe in this team. I know if we get our game right we will win the games."\nG Murphy; G Dempsey, B O\'Driscoll, S Horgan, D Hickie; R O\'Gara, P Stringer; R Corrigan, S Byrne, J Hayes; M O\'Kelly, P O\'Connell; S Easterby, J O\'Connor, A Foley.\nF Sheahan, M Horan, D O\'Callaghan, E Miller, G Easterby, D Humphreys, K Maggs.\nJ Robinson (capt); M Cueto, J Noon, O Barkley, J Lewsey; C Hodgson, H Ellis; G Rowntree, S Thompson, M Stevens; D Grewcock, B Kay; J Worsley, L Moody, M Corry.\nA Titterrell, D Bell, S Borthwick, A Hazell, M Dawson, A Goode, O Smith.'), ('Navratilova hits out at critics', 'Martina Navratilova has defended her decision to prolong her tennis career at the age of 48.\nNavratilova, who made a comeback after retiring in 1994, will play doubles and mixed doubles events in 2005. "Women\'s tennis is really strong," she said, dismissing suggestions that the fact she could still win reflected badly on the women\'s game. "All I can say is I\'m that damn good. I\'m sorry but I really have to blow my own horn here. I\'m still that good." Navratilova has won three Grand Slam mixed doubles titles since she came out of retirement. And she was so encouraged by her form that she decided to resume playing singles, winning two of her seven matches. She was knocked out in the first round of the French Open but reached the second round at Wimbledon. Navratilova will partner Nathalie Dechy in the doubles event at the Uncle Toby\'s Hardcourts tournament on Australia\'s Gold Coast, which begins on Sunday. She will then link up with Daniela Hantuchova for the Australian Open doubles, and play in the mixed doubles with Leander Paes. "I might be playing some singles events this season, depending on the surface," she added.'), ('Ireland 19-13 England', 'Ireland consigned England to their third straight Six Nations defeat with a stirring victory at Lansdowne Road.\nA second-half try from captain Brian O\'Driscoll and 14 points from Ronan O\'Gara kept Ireland on track for their first Grand Slam since 1948. England scored first through Martin Corry but had "tries" from Mark Cueto and Josh Lewsey disallowed. Andy Robinson\'s men have now lost nine of their last 14 matches since the 2003 World Cup final. The defeat also heralded England\'s worst run in the championship since 1987. Ireland last won the title, then the Five Nations, in 1985, but 20 years on they share top spot in the table on maximum points with Wales. And Eddie O\'Sullivan\'s side banished the ghosts of 2003 when England were rampant 42-6 victors in claiming the Grand Slam at Lansdowne Road. In front of a supercharged home crowd on a dry but blustery day in Dublin, Ireland tore into the white-shirted visitors from the kick-off and made their intentions clear when O\'Gara landed a fourth-minute drop-goal.\nEngland took their time to settle but their first real venture into Ireland\'s half produced a simple score for Corry. The number eight picked up the ball from the back of a ruck and found an absence of green jerseys between himself and the Irish line, racing 25 yards to touch down. England fly-half Charlie Hodgson nailed the conversion from out on the left, but almost immediately O\'Gara, winning his 50th cap, answered with two penalties in quick succession. England were awarded a penalty of their own on the halfway line after 20 minutes, and Hodgson, the villain at Twickenham, coolly bisected the posts. The first quarter was marked by periods of tactical kicking, but it was Ireland who were showing more willingness to spread the ball wide to their eager and inventive backs. A series of probes led by the talismanic O\'Driscoll, back from hamstring injury, resulted in a penalty but Ireland chose to kick for touch.\nFrom the line-out, the ball was recycled back to O\'Gara, who stroked his second drop-goal, this time off the right upright. As the interval approached, wing Josh Lewsey was the catalyst for England\'s most promising attack. The Wasps star raced up his touchline and Hodgson\'s cross-kick put in Mark Cueto for an apparent score, but the Sale wing was ruled to have started in front of the kicker. England began the second half well and had Ireland pinned in their own half. But another English indiscretion on a rare Irish break-out awarded O\'Gara a kick at goal, which he missed. England\'s pressure continued, and a wave of attacks saw centre Jamie Noon dragged down yards from the line before Hodgson landed a drop-goal.\nThe lead was shortlived, however. Ireland raced upfield, deft handling from the backs, including a clever dummy from Geordan Murphy on Hodgson, ending with O\'Driscoll going over in the right corner and touching down close to the posts. O\'Gara missed a penalty which would have put Ireland nine points clear, and the home crowd breathed a sigh of relief when Hodgson\'s cross-kick was fumbled by lock Ben Kay near the line. Anticipation of a home win sent the noise level sky-high, but O\'Gara missed another chance to seal the game with a wayward drop-goal attempt. Inside the last 10 minutes, England poured forward, spurred on by scrum-half Matt Dawson, who replaced Leicester\'s Harry Ellis. But despite one near miss with the pack over the line - not checked on the TV replay by referee Jonathan Kaplan - England were unable to pull off a face-saving win. Ireland next face France at Lansdowne Road in two weeks\' time before the potential title decider against Wales in Cardiff. England are still to meet Italy at Twickenham, in what is now a wooden spoon decider, and Scotland.\nG Murphy; G Dempsey, B O\'Driscoll, S Horgan, D Hickie; R O\'Gara, P Stringer; R Corrigan, S Byrne, J Hayes; M O\'Kelly, P O\'Connell; S Easterby, J O\'Connor, A Foley.\nF Sheahan, M Horan, D O\'Callaghan, E Miller, G Easterby, D Humphreys, K Maggs.\nJ Robinson (capt); M Cueto, J Noon, O Barkley, J Lewsey; C Hodgson, H Ellis; G Rowntree, S Thompson, M Stevens; D Grewcock, B Kay; J Worsley, L Moody, M Corry.\nA Titterrell, D Bell, S Borthwick, A Hazell, M Dawson, A Goode, O Smith.'), ('Injury sidelines Philippoussis', "Mark Philippoussis withdrew from the Sydney International tennis tournament as expected on Sunday after suffering a groin injury during the Hopman Cup.\nHis participation in the Australian Open, which begins on 17 January in Melbourne, also remains in doubt. Defending women's champion Justine Henin-Hardenne is also out of the Sydney event because of a knee injury. In the only main draw men's or women's singles match on Sunday, Nathalie Dechy beat American Lisa Raymond 7-5 6-3. Number one men's seed Lleyton Hewitt begins his quest for a fourth Sydney title on Tuesday when he plays Karol Beck. Lindsay Davenport, top seed in the women's draw, has been handed a first-round bye and plays France's Dechy in the second round on Tuesday."), ('Weak data buffets French economy', 'A batch of downbeat government data has cast doubt over the French economy\'s future prospects.\nOfficial figures showed on Friday that unemployment was unchanged at 9.9% last month, while consumer confidence fell unexpectedly in October. At the same time, finance minister Nicolas Sarkozy warned that high oil prices posed a threat to French growth. "[Oil prices] will weigh on consumer spending in the short term, and potentially on confidence," he said. World oil prices have risen by more than 60% since the start of the year as production struggles to keep pace with soaring demand.\nAnalysts said French companies, keen to protect their profit margins at a time of rising energy costs, were reluctant to take on extra staff. "[The unemployment figures] show the main problem of the French economy: we have growth but without an improvement in employment," said Marc Touati, an economist at Natexis Banques Populaires. "Politicians must have the will and guts to solve structural unemployment with thorough reforms, otherwise in five or ten years, it will be too late." Obligatory employer contributions to worker welfare programmes mean that it costs more to hire staff in France than in many other European economies. Many economists have urged the government to stimulate employment by reducing non-wage payroll costs, and by scrapping restrictions on working hours. The French statistics agency, INSEE, expects the economy to grow by about 2.4% this year, buoyed by strong consumer spending and business investment. That is above the projected eurozone average of just above 2%.'), ('Ireland surge past Scots', "Ireland maintained their Six Nations Grand Slam ambitions with an impressive victory over Scotland at Murrayfield.\nHugo Southwell's try gave the Scots an early 8-0 lead but scores from locks Malcolm O'Kelly and Paul O'Connell put the visitors in command by half-time. A third try from wing Denis Hickie and third penalty from Ronan O'Gara, who kicked 13 points, extended the lead. Jon Petrie scored a second try for Scotland but late scores from John Hayes and Gavin Duffy sealed victory. After two hard-earned away victories, Eddie O'Sullivan' side can now look forward to welcoming England to Lansdowne Road in a fortnight. Scotland will try to give their coach Matt Williams a first Six Nations victory when Italy come to Edinburgh, but they again struggled to turn pressure into points. The home side started with tremendous intensity and dominated territory and possession in the opening 10 minutes. A powerful charge from flanker Jason White was carried on by Ali Hogg and when Ireland conceded a penalty close to their own line, Scotland kicked it to touch. The Irish defence foiled the home side on that occasion, but a stray hand in a ruck allowed Paterson to stroke over a penalty in the eighth minute.\nIf that was a paltry reward for their early pressure, Scotland got the try they deserved when Paterson's searing break and Andy Craig's pass sent Southwell streaking to the right corner. Paterson was off target with the conversion and fly-half Dan Parks then missed a presentable drop-goal attempt. Ireland got themselves on the scoreboard with an O'Gara penalty and by the 24th minute the visitors were ahead. Stuart Grimes pulled down O'Kelly at a line-out, Ireland kicked the penalty to touch and from the set-piece, the big lock was driven over by the rest of his pack.\nO'Gara added the conversion and a further penalty, after Shane Horgan almost grabbed a second try from O'Gara's chip to the corner, only for the ball to spill from his hand. But Ireland still delivered a hammer blow to Scotland's hopes just before the interval. O'Connell - skipper in the absence of Brian O'Driscoll - powered through Parks' weak tackle after a free-kick from a scrummage to burrow over.\nScotland suffered a further blow on the resumption when Ireland flanker Johnny O'Connor won another vital turnover, and O'Gara's basketball pass sent Hickie over in the left corner. O'Gara converted and then thumped over a 40m penalty to give the visitors a commanding 28-8 advantage. Scotland looked bereft of ideas but a half-break from Paterson sparked them back to life just before the hour. Stuart Grimes won a line-out and a well-worked move saw Petrie scuttle round the side of the ruck to dive over in the left corner. But it proved a false dawn, and Ireland reasserted their authority in the final 10 minutes. Peter Stringer and O'Kelly combined to put giant prop Hayes over in the right corner before replacement Gavin Duffy scorched away on the left, David Humphreys adding the final flourish with a touchline conversion.\n: C Paterson; S Danielli, A Craig, H Southwell, S Lamont; D Parks, C Cusiter; T Smith, G Bulloch (capt), G Kerr; S Grimes, S Murray; J White, A Hogg, J Petrie.\nR Russell, B Douglas, N Hines, J Dunbar, M Blair, G Ross, B Hinshelwood.\nG Murphy; G Dempsey, S Horgan, K Maggs, D Hickie, R O'Gara, P Stringer; R Corrigan, S Byrne, J Hayes, M O'Kelly, P O'Connell, S Easterby, J O'Connor, A Foley.\nF Sheahan, M Horan, D O'Callaghan, E Miller, G Easterby, D Humphreys, G Duffy.\nJoel Jutge (France)"), ('Ireland 17-12 South Africa', "Ronan O'Gara scored all Ireland's points as the home side claimed only their second ever win over South Africa on an emotional day at Lansdowne Road.\nO'Gara's first-half try, poached after a quick tap-penalty, helped the Irish to a 8-3 lead at half-time. Three further O'Gara penalties extended Ireland's lead to 17-6 as the game entered the final quarter. Two Percy Montgomery penalties set up a frantic finish but Ireland held out to claim a famous victory. Ireland began strongly and were never led, but the match was tense and closely fought throughout. Aware of the threat posed by the South Africans, Ireland pressed hard from the outset, and played some impressive rugby while searching for a breakthrough. Early on, Denis Hickie thought he was in for a try after a delightful backline move but Shane Horgan's pass was adjudged to have gone forward by referee Paul Honiss.\nIreland continued to press and they showed their intent by opting for a line-out in the 19th minute when three straight-forward points were on offer. Another South African infringement a minute later led to Ireland's first points - O'Gara took a quick tap-penalty and charged over the opposition line for an Irish try. The Springboks could feel hard done by as captain John Smit had his back to the play when O'Gara pounced after referee Honiss had told the skipper to warn his own players after consistent infringements. Stung by the score, the South Africans almost replied with a try of their own within 60 seconds with Geordan Murphy's ankle-tap tackle denying a certain try for Percy Montgomery. However, the Springboks did win a penalty a minute later which Montgomery easily slotted to cut Ireland's lead to 5-3.\nIreland got out of jail when the South Africans had a three-to-one overlap near the Irish line only to waste the chance. After the sustained Springboks pressure, the Irish produced an attack of their own in the 34th minute which culminated with O'Gara's clever drop-goal to restore his side's lead to five points which remained the margin at half-time. Sustained Irish pressure immediately after half-time was rewarded by another O'Gara penalty. However, Montgomery responded quickly by slotting over a superb penalty from near the right touchline to cut Ireland's lead to five points again. Montgomery then burst through the Irish defence in the 48th minute and it took a superb Girvan Dempsey tackle to prevent a try. The South Africans suffered a double-blow in the 52nd minute when Schalk Burger was sin-binned for the second week in a row after killing the ball and O'Gara punished the transgression by notching another penalty.\nIn the 61st minute, Hickie was left frustrated by a poor pass from Girvan Dempsey as a chance to seal the match was wasted. However, a late tackle on Brian O'Driscoll enabled O'Gara to notch another penalty in the 63rd minute which extended Ireland's lead to 17-6. However, two Montgomery penalties had Ireland's lead in peril again as the Springboks closed to within five points with seven minutes remaining. South Africa produced a huge effort in the closing minutes but Ireland held on to claim a deserved victory.\nG Dempsey; G Murphy, B O'Driscoll (capt), S Horgan, D Hickie; R O'Gara, P Stringer; R Corrigan, S Byrne, J Hayes, M O'Kelly, P O'Connell, S Easterby, J O'Connor, A Foley.\nF Sheahan, M Horan, D O'Callaghan, E Miller, G Easterby, D Humphreys, K Maggs.\n: P Montgomery; B Paulse, M Joubert, De Wet Barry, A Willemse, J van der Westhuyzen; F Du Preez; O Du Randt, J Smit (captain), E Andrews, B Botha, V Matfield, S Burger, AJ Venter, J van Niekerk.\n: H Shimange, CJ van der Linde, G Britz, D Rossouw, M Claassens, J de Villiers, G du Toit/J Fourie.\nPaul Honiss (New Zealand)"), ('Christmas sales worst since 1981', 'UK retail sales fell in December, failing to meet expectations and making it by some counts the worst Christmas since 1981.\nRetail sales dropped by 1% on the month in December, after a 0.6% rise in November, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said. The ONS revised the annual 2004 rate of growth down from the 5.9% estimated in November to 3.2%. A number of retailers have already reported poor figures for December. Clothing retailers and non-specialist stores were the worst hit with only internet retailers showing any significant growth, according to the ONS.\nThe last time retailers endured a tougher Christmas was 23 years previously, when sales plunged 1.7%.\nThe ONS echoed an earlier caution from Bank of England governor Mervyn King not to read too much into the poor December figures. Some analysts put a positive gloss on the figures, pointing out that the non-seasonally-adjusted figures showed a performance comparable with 2003. The November-December jump last year was roughly comparable with recent averages, although some way below the serious booms seen in the 1990s. And figures for retail volume outperformed measures of actual spending, an indication that consumers are looking for bargains, and retailers are cutting their prices.\nHowever, reports from some High Street retailers highlight the weakness of the sector. Morrisons, Woolworths, House of Fraser, Marks & Spencer and Big Food all said that the festive period was disappointing.\nAnd a British Retail Consortium survey found that Christmas 2004 was the worst for 10 years. Yet, other retailers - including HMV, Monsoon, Jessops, Body Shop and Tesco - reported that festive sales were well up on last year. Investec chief economist Philip Shaw said he did not expect the poor retail figures to have any immediate effect on interest rates. "The retail sales figures are very weak, but as Bank of England governor Mervyn King indicated last night, you don\'t really get an accurate impression of Christmas trading until about Easter," said Mr Shaw. "Our view is the Bank of England will keep its powder dry and wait to see the big picture."'), ('Newcastle to join Morientes race', 'Newcastle have joined the race to sign Real Madrid striker Fernando Morientes and scupper Liverpool\'s bid to snap up the player, according to reports.\nLiverpool were reported to have bid 3.5m for the 28-year-old Spanish international this week. But the Liverpool Echo newspaper has said Anfield boss Rafa Benitez will avoid a bidding war and instead turn his attentions to Nicolas Anelka. Real are believed to still want 7m before selling Morientes. Monaco are also in the race for the player they had on loan last season. Reports suggest Liverpool will lift their offer to 5m - the highest they are willing to go before bowing out of any deal.\nOn Tuesday, Morientes had said: "I like Liverpool and I am pleased that a club of their stature want to buy me. I have told Madrid that I want it to happen. "Madrid know my situation and they know they must do something about me. They must sort out the situation by being sensible. "I am in a position where I want to play, and I will have to look elsewhere to do that. If Madrid do not want me then it\'s in the best interests of everyone that they are realistic.\n"I haven\'t spoken to Rafa Benitez but I have always appreciated his work and I would like to play for him. But Benitez could yet turn his attentions to the younger Anelka should Morientes be reluctant to pledge his future to Liverpool. Anelka previously played at Anfield under Gerard Houllier before sealing his permanent switch to Manchester City.'), ('Retail sales show festive fervour', 'UK retail sales were better than expected in November as Christmas shoppers began their seasonal flock to the High Street, figures show.\nThe Office for National Statistics (ONS) said retail sales rose 0.6% on the month and 6.1% on the year. But the figures, along with this week\'s inflation report, could trigger another interest rate rise in the New Year. However, recent data from the British Retail Consortium showed a 0.2% slip in High Street sales during November.\nThe ONS data confounded analyst expectations. Many had expected sales to fall slightly in November as shoppers put off buying Christmas presents until December. However, retailers\' attempts to draw in the crowds may be behind November\'s unexpected rise in sales, they say. Aggressive tactics, such as one-day discount sales adopted by stores such as Marks & Spencer, appear to have paid off. "Price discounting has certainly accounted for much of this because the value of retail sales hasn\'t grown as much as volumes," said Investec economist David Page. The figures sparked a rally for sterling as the data supported the view that it is too early to assume that base rates have peaked.'), ("Sales 'fail to boost High Street'", 'The January sales have failed to help the UK High Street recover from a poor Christmas season, a survey has found.\nStores received a boost from bargain hunters but trading then reverted to December levels, the British Retail Consortium and accountants KPMG said. Sales in what is traditionally a strong month rose by 0.5% on a like-for-like basis, compared with a year earlier. Consumers remain cautious over buying big-ticket items like furniture, said BRC director general Kevin Hawkins. Higher interest rates and uncertainty over the housing market continue to take their toll on the retail sector, the BRC said. But clothing and footwear sales were said to be generally better than December, while department stores also had a good month.\nIn the three-months to January, like-for-like sales showed a growth rate of -0.1%, the same as in the three months to December, the BRC said. "Following a relatively strong New Year\'s bank holiday, trading then took a downward turn," said Mr Hawkins. "Even extending some promotions and discounts and the pay-day boost later in the month could not tempt customers." The previous BRC survey found Christmas 2004 was the worst for 10 years for retailers. And according to Office for National Statistics data, sales in December failed to meet expectations and by some counts were the worst since 1981.'), ('Ireland v USA (Sat)', 'Saturday 20 November\nLansdowne Road, Dublin\n1300 GMT\nThe Irish coach knows a repeat of the record 83-3 victory over the States in 2000 is not on the agenda and expects a real test at Lansdowne Road. "Their coach Tom Billups will have them very organised," said O\'Sullivan. "They ran five tries past the French in the summer, so we will not take them for granted. We have guys coming into the team who are chomping at the bit." The Irish line-up shows nine changes from the team which started against South Africa with winger Tommy Bowe and flanker Denis Leamy making their international debuts. The other changes see recalls for backs David Humphreys, Kevin Maggs and Guy Easterby with Eric Miller, Marcus Horan, Donnacha O\'Callaghan and Frank Sheehan all returning to the pack.\nO\'Sullivan said the players coming in had the opportunity to stake claims for inclusion against Argentina on 27 November. Easterby gets a rare start at scrum-half while Humphreys, now effectively Ronan O\'Gara\'s deputy at fly-half, wins his 65th cap. "We have got to get the focus right on the day," said Ulster man Humphreys. "The US may be classed as weaker opposition, but we will treat them with the respect they deserve." The States lost 39-31 against France in their last international and are ranked 16th in world rugby. The Americans have made three changes, plus one positional switch from the game in July against the French. Lock Alec Parker, blind-side flanker Brian Surgener and right wing Al Lakomskis return and captain Kort Schubert of the Cardiff Blues shifts to number eight. Schubert is the only Eagles player remaining from the sides\' meeting four years ago.\nG Murphy; S Horgan, B O\'Driscoll (capt), K Maggs, T Bowe; D Humphreys, G Easterby; M Horan. F Sheahan, J Hayes, D O\'Callaghan, P O\'Connell, S Easterby, D Leamy, E Miller.\nS Byrne, S Best, L Cullen, A Foley, P Stringer, R O\'Gara, G Dempsey.\nViljoen; Lakomskis, Emerick, Sika, Fee, Hercus, Timoteo; MacDonald, Wyatt, Waasdorp, Parker, Klerck, Surgener, Petruzzella, Schubert (capt).\nHobson, Osentowski, Gouws, Mo\'unga, Williams, Sherman, Tuipulotu.'), ('Stevens named in England line-up', 'England have named Bath prop Matt Stevens in the starting line-up for their Six Nations match against Ireland at Lansdowne Road on Sunday.\nFellow Bath prop Duncan Bell will start on the bench, as coach Andy Robinson makes just one change to the team that was beaten by France. It will be Stevens\' first start after two caps as a replacement against the All Blacks last year. Leicester duo Ollie Smith and Andy Goode have been drafted onto the bench. Stevens takes over from Phil Vickery, who suffered a broken arm playing for Gloucester last weekend. "I\'m confident Matt will grasp this opportunity and make his mark against Ireland," said Robinson.\n"All three players have shown outstanding form of late, most recently in the England A win against France A and for their club," added Robinson. "Selection beckons when players demonstrate such consistent ability. "This game against Ireland will be massive. We recognise it\'s a must-win game for us this season." England confirmed that Sale Sharks prop Andrew Sheridan was not considered for selection because of an injury he picked up to the back of his ankle during last Friday\'s match against Leeds.\nJ Robinson (Sale Sharks, capt); M Cueto (Sale Sharks), J Noon (Newcastle), O Barkley (Bath), J Lewsey (Wasps); C Hodgson (Sale Sharks), H Ellis (Leicester); G Rowntree (Leicester), S Thompson (Northampton), M Stevens (Bath), D Grewcock (Bath), B Kay (Leicester), J Worsley (Wasps), L Moody (Leicester), M Corry (Leicester).\nA Titterrell (Sale Sharks), D Bell (Bath), S Borthwick (Bath), A Hazell (Gloucester), M Dawson (Wasps), A Goode (Leicester), O Smith (Leicester).'), ('Dawson wins England squad recall', 'Wasps scrum-half Matt Dawson has been recalled to England\'s training squad ahead of the RBS Six Nations and been reinstated in the Elite Player Squad.\nCoach Andy Robinson dropped Dawson for the autumn Tests after he missed training to film \'A Question of Sport.\' "I always said I would consider bringing Matt back if I felt he was playing well," Robinson said. "He merits his return on current form." Newcastle\'s 18-year-old centre Mathew Tait is also in the training squad. "It\'s obviously an honour to be asked to train with England," said Tait, who has burst into contention recently. "I look forward to going down and doing the sessions, but the most important thing at the moment is Sunday\'s game against Newport, so I\'m not looking any further than that." Robinson has invited 42 players to attend a three-day session in Leeds next week, in which his squad will train in part with the Leeds Rhinos rugby league squad.\nWith Mike Tindall ruled out of the opening two matches and Will Greenwood sidelined for the entire Six Nations, Tait is one of six or seven contenders for the two centre berths. Stuart Abbott, Jamie Noon, Ollie Smith, Olly Barkley and Henry Paul - who retains his place despite his early substitution against Australia - are also in the mix. Ben Cohen could also be considered after switching from the wing for his club Northampton recently. Prop Phil Vickery and lock Simon Shaw both return to the squad after missing the autumn Tests through injury, while Wasps wing Tom Voyce is recalled. The group also includes Bath flanker Andy Beattie and Leicester hooker George Chuter. "Beattie has matured greatly as a player these past two seasons," Robinson said. Jonny Wilkinson, Tindall and Martin Corry have all been included despite their unavailability for the opening two matches against Wales and France.\nThe revised 56-man elite squad includes Wasps hooker Phil Greening, who replaces the retired Mark Regan, and Sale wing Mark Cueto. Cueto was selected for the November internationals despite not being part of the group, but scored four tries in three England appearances. Leicester scrum-half Harry Ellis has also been promoted from the senior national academy, and will contest the number nine jersey with Dawson and Gloucester\'s Andy Gomarsall. The players in Robinson\'s elite squad can only play 32 matches for club and country. They can be called up for a total of 16 training days in addition to the recognised international weeks for each of the years leading up to the next World Cup.\nBalshaw, Cohen, Cueto, Lewsey, Robinson, Simpson-Daniel, Voyce, Abbott, Noon, Paul, Smith, Tait, Tindall, Barkley, Hodgson, King, Wilkinson, Dawson, Ellis, Gomarsall.\nChuter, Thompson, Titterrell, Rowntree, Sheridan, Stevens, Vickery, White, Borthwick, Brown, L Deacon, Grewcock, Kay, Shaw, Beattie, Corry, Forrester, Hazell, Jones, Moody, Vyvyan, J Worsley.\nAbbott, Balshaw, Borthwick, A Brown, Chuter, Cohen, Corry, Cueto, Dawson, Ellis, Flatman, Gomarsall, Greening, Greenwood, Grewcock, Hazell, Hill, Hodgson, Kay, King, Lewsey, Moody, Noon, Paul, Robinson, Rowntree, Shaw, Simpson-Daniel, Thompson, Tindall, Titterrell, Vickery, Vyvyan, White, Wilkinson, J Worsley, M Worsley.\nBarkley, Beattie, Christophers, L Deacon, Forrester, C Jones, Palmer, Rees, Sheridan, Skinner, Smith, Stevens, Tait, Voyce.\nDowson, Haughton, Monye, Roques, P Sanderson.'), ('Irish markets reach all-time high', 'Irish shares have risen to a record high, with investors persuaded to buy into the market by low inflation and strong growth forecasts.\nThe ISEQ index of leading shares closed up 23 points to 6661.89 on Thursday, fuelled by strong growth in banking and financial stocks. A fall in the rate of inflation to 2.3% in January gave a fresh boost to shares which have advanced 4% this month. The economy is set for strong growth in 2005 while interest rates remain low.\nSeveral of Ireland\'s biggest companies saw their market value hit recent highs on Thursday. Allied Irish Banks, Ireland\'s biggest company by capitalisation, touched a five year peak while Bank of Ireland shares rose to their highest level since August 2002.\nTelecoms firm Eircom, which recently revealed that it would re-enter the Irish mobile phone market, hit a yearly high. Analysts said that economic conditions were benign and Irish shares were still trading at a discount to other European markets. "Ireland ticks all the boxes as far as international investors are concerned," Roy Asher, chief investment officer of Hibernian Investment Managers, told Reuters. "Buoyant economic conditions are set to continue in Ireland over the next few years and Irish equities continue to offer quality growth at a reasonable valuation."\nBernard McAlinden, head of equity research at NCB Stockbrokers, said equities represented good value compared to other investments. "It is still looking good," he told Reuters. "We have seen good economic data on Ireland which benefits the financial stocks." Ireland\'s economic \'miracle\' is enjoying a second wind, with 5% growth forecast for 2005 and 2006. The economy cooled markedly between 2001 and 2003 after enjoying spectacular growth of more than 10% in 2000. However, it has bounced back strongly with growth of just under 5% expected in 2004.'), ('Johansson takes Adelaide victory', 'Second seed Joachim Johansson won his second career title with a 7-5 6-3 win over Taylor Dent at the Australian hardcourt championships in Adelaide.\nThe Swede was made to graft, American Dent surviving three break points in the fifth game of the match. But Johansson got the breakthrough with a sublime backhand return winner and won the second set with more ease. His first tournament win was at Memphis in 2004, helping him leap from 113th in the world rankings to number 11. Afterwards, Dent said he rated US Open semi-finalist Johansson as a top contender at the Australian Open, which starts on 17 January. "I believe men\'s tennis is all about holding serve and if he\'s playing like that on his own serve I don\'t see how guys are going to break him," said Dent. Johansson was more restrained in his assessment: "I have to improve my serve if I\'m going to go all the way in Melbourne."'), ('Henman & Murray claim LTA awards', 'Tim Henman was named player of the year for 2004 by the Lawn Tennis Association at Wimbledon on Monday.\nThe Briton was recognised for the best year of his career, which saw him reach the semis at the French and US Opens. Scotland\'s Andrew Murray was named young player of the year after winning the US Open juniors, as well as a Futures event in Italy. And world number one Peter Norfolk won disabled player of the year after claiming his third US Open crown.\nGreat Britain\'s under 14 boys won the team of the year prize for their victory at the World Junior Tennis event in August. Henman will start his 2005 campaign at the Kooyong event on 12 January in a field that includes Roger Federer, Andy Roddick and Andre Agassi. And the Briton is optimistic of surpassing his best effort of a fourth-round place at the Australian Open, which begins the following week. "I\'ve often felt that the conditions suit my game in Melbourne so I\'d love to be able to start next year by doing well at the Australian Open," Henman told his website. "That\'s why I\'ve changed my schedule slightly by committing to play in the Kooyong Classic. "I\'ll be able to acclimatise while practising before the event and then will be guaranteed matches against the best players in the world. "I think that will give me the best possible chance of doing well at the Australian Open."'), ("D'Arcy injury adds to Ireland woe", "Gordon D'Arcy has been ruled out of the Ireland team for Saturday's Six Nations clash against Scotland in Murrayfield.\nLike skipper Brian O'Driscoll, D'Arcy failed to recover from a hamstring injury. The side will now be led by Munster lock Paul O'Connell. Shane Horgan switches from wing to centre where he will be joined by Ulster's Kevin Maggs. Girvan Dempsey comes into the team to take the right wing spot while Gavin Duffy is called up to the replacements. ''We gave Gordon a chance but it didn't work out,'' said Ireland coach Eddie O'Sullivan. ''In terms of the risk element, it was a sensible precaution. He should be fine for the next game but we do not want to tempt fate.''\nMaggs, who will win his 67th cap, was the obvious replacement at centre while Shane Horgan was always likely to be moved from the wing. The only other change to the Ireland side from last weekend's win in Rome sees Wasps flanker Johnny O'Connor replacing Denis Leamy. O'Connor will be winning his third cap after making his debut in the victory over South Africa last November.\n: Murphy, Dempsey, Horgan, Maggs, Hickie, O'Gara, Stringer, Corrigan, Byrne, Hayes, O'Kelly, O'Connell, capt, S Easterby, O'Connor, Foley.\n: Sheahan, Horan, O'Callaghan, Miller, G Easterby, Humphreys, Duffy."), ("O'Driscoll out of Scotland game", "Ireland captain Brian O'Driscoll has been ruled out of Saturday's RBS Six Nations clash against Scotland.\nO'Driscoll was originally named in the starting line-up but has failed to recover from the hamstring injury he picked up in the win over Italy. His replacement will be named after training on Friday morning. Fellow centre Gordon D'Arcy is also struggling with a hamstring injury and he will undergo a fitness test on Friday to see if he can play.\nKevin Maggs would be an obvious replacement at centre while Shane Horgan could also be moved from wing. Ulster wing Tommy Bowe could also be asked to travel with the squad to Scotland as a precautionary measure. The only other change to the Ireland side sees Wasps flanker Johnny O'Connor replacing Denis Leamy. O'Connor will be winning his third cap after making his debut in the victory over South Africa last November.\n: Murphy, Horgan, TBC, D'Arcy, Hickie, O'Gara, Stringer, Corrigan, Byrne, Hayes, O'Kelly, O'Connell, S Easterby, O'Connor, Foley.\n: Sheahan, Horan, O'Callaghan, Miller, G Easterby, Humphreys, Dempsey."), ('Teenager Tait picked for England', "Newcastle's teenage centre Mathew Tait has been named as a centre in England's team to face Wales in the Six Nations opener in Cardiff on Saturday.\nThe 18-year-old will play alongside Falcons' team-mate Jamie Noon in England's midfield. Scrum-half Matt Dawson is also recalled, despite been left out of the initial squad after a row over clashing TV and training commitments. Bath lock Danny Grewcock will also start, pending a possible citing. England coach Andy Robinson has also awarded Gloucester flanker Andy Hazell his first Six Nations start. In another change to the side that lost to Australia in November, Leicester lock Ben Kay replaces Bath second row Steve Borthwick. Robinson was already without Jonny Wilkinson, Mike Tindall, Stuart Abbott, Richard Hill and Will Greenwood, while Mike Catt had been left out of England's squad.\nJ Robinson (Sale Sharks, capt); M Cueto (Sale Sharks), M Tait (Newcastle), J Noon (Newcastle), J Lewsey (Wasps); C Hodgson (Sale Sharks), M Dawson (Wasps); G Rowntree (Leicester), S Thompson (Northampton), J White (Leicester), D Grewcock (Bath), B Kay (Leicester), L Moody (Leicester), A Hazell (Gloucester), J Worsley (Wasps). Replacements: A Titterrell (Sale Sharks), P Vickery (Gloucester), S Borthwick (Bath), J Forrester (Gloucester), H Ellis (Leicester), O Barkley (Bath), B Cohen (Northampton)."), ('Wasps 31-37 Leicester', 'Leicester withstood a stunning Wasps comeback to win a pulsating Heineken Cup encounter at the Causeway Stadium.\nThe Tigers stormed 22-6 ahead within 18 minutes through tries from Lewis Moody, Geordan Murphy and Martin Corry. European champions Wasps fought back through a Josh Lewsey try and Mark van Gisbergen\'s boot, and they were level at 31-31 with five minutes remaining. But it was the visitors who kept their cool as Andy Goode kicked the Tigers to victory with a penalty and a drop goal. The closing moments saw desperate defence from Leicester as Wasps turned down several penalties to go for the try they needed. Wasps pounded the line and a penalty try looked likely before referee Nigel Williams controversially blew for full-time. Fly-half Goode was the Tigers hero, kicking 22 points in total, while Leicester\'s overwhelming domination in the scrums ultimately told. Even their lack of discipline in defence - which presented the admirable Van Ginsberg with 26 points - could not undo them as they held out for a famous win.\nLawrence Dallaglio\'s team have now got it all to do in the quest for a quarter-final place given that two of their last three games are away - against Leicester and Biarritz. However, Wasps rugby director Warren Gatland warned his side will will not relinquish their European title without a fight. "If we lose next week, then we are struggling," said Gatland. "But we don\'t want to give this trophy away. We worked so hard to win it last season, we will go down fighting. "We have got to get our scrum right next week, it is the biggest cause for concern." Leicester coach John Wells saluted the outstanding work of Graham Rowntree and Julian White, who were magnificent up front. "They were the backbone of our performance today," said Wells. "And to score three tries against the European champions at home was also something I am pleased about."\nVan Gisbergen; Lewsey, Erinle, Abbott, Voyce; King, Dawson; Dowd, Greening, Green; Shaw, Birkett; Worsley, O\'Connor, Dallaglio (capt).\nReplacements: Gotting, McKenzie, Lock, Hart, Biljon, Brooks, Hoadley.\nMurphy; Rabeni, Smith, Gibson, Healey; Goode, Ellis; Rowntree, Chuter, White, M Johnson (capt), L Deacon; Moody, Back, Corry.\nReplacements (from): Buckland/Cockerill, Morris, Kay, W Johnson/B Deacon, H Tuilagi, Bemand, A Tuiliagi, Lloyd, Vesty.'), ('Italy 17-28 Ireland', "Two moments of magic from Brian O'Driscoll guided Ireland to a workmanlike victory against Italy.\nA pair of classic outside breaks from the Ireland captain set up tries for Geordan Murphy and Peter Stringer. Italy led 9-8 early in the second half but Stringer's try gave Ireland a lead they never lost. The hosts cut the gap to 18-12 with 10 minutes left and nearly scored through Ludovico Nitoglia, but Denis Hickie's try ensured an Irish victory. Italy came flying out of the blocks and took the lead through a Luciano Orquera penalty after seven minutes.\nIt could have been better for the hosts but the fly-half missed two kickable penalties and Ireland drew level with a Ronan O'Gara penalty midway through the first half. The Italians were driving at the heart of the Irish defence and, for the first quarter, the Irish pack struggled to secure any ball for their talented backs.\nWhen they finally did, just before the half-hour mark, O'Driscoll promptly created a sparkling try for Murphy. The Ireland captain ran a dummy scissors and made a magical outside break before drawing the full-back and putting the diving Murphy in at the corner. O'Gara missed the twice-taken conversion and the visitors found themselves trailing once again. Roland de Marigny took over the kicking duties for Italy from the hapless Orquera, and he landed a penalty either side of the break to edge Italy into a 9-8 lead.\nThe only Ireland player offering a real threat was O'Driscoll, and it was his break that set up the second try for the visitors. Shane Horgan threw an overhead pass as he was about to be forced into touch and Stringer scooted over, with O'Gara landing the tricky conversion. A penalty apiece saw Ireland leading 18-12 as the game entered the final quarter, but they were lucky to survive when Italy launched a series of attacks. Winger Nitoglia dropped the ball as he reached for the line and Italy nearly rumbled over from a driving maul.\nAn O'Gara penalty put Ireland more than a converted try ahead and they made the game safe when Hickie latched onto an inside pass from Murphy and crossed for a converted try. O'Driscoll limped off late on, joining centre partner Gordon D'Arcy on the sidelines, and the final word went to Italy. Prop Martin Castrogiovanni powered over for a try which was fitting reward for an Italian pack which had kept the Irish under pressure throughout.\nDe Marigny; Mi Bergamasco, Canale, Masi, Nitoglia; Orquera, Troncon; Lo Cicero, Ongaro, Castrogiovanni; Dellape, Bortolami; Persico, Ma Bergamasco, Parisse.\nPerugini, Intoppa, Del Fava, Dal Maso, Griffen, Pozzebon, Robertson.\nMurphy, Horgan, O'Driscoll, D'Arcy, Hickie, O'Gara, Stringer, Corrigan, Byrne, Hayes, O'Kelly, O'Connell, S Easterby, Leamy, Foley.\nSheahan, Horan, O'Callaghan, Miller, G Easterby, Humphreys, Dempsey.\nP O'Brien (New Zealand)"), ("O'Driscoll saves Irish blushes", "Two moments of magic from Brian O'Driscoll guided Ireland to a workmanlike victory against Italy.\nA pair of classic outside breaks from the Ireland captain set up tries for Geordan Murphy and Peter Stringer. Italy led 9-8 early in the second half but Stringer's try gave Ireland a lead they never lost. The hosts cut the gap to 18-12 with 10 minutes left and nearly scored through Ludovico Nitoglia, but Denis Hickie's try ensured an Irish victory. Italy came flying out of the blocks and took the lead through a Luciano Orquera penalty after seven minutes.\nIt could have been better for the hosts but the fly-half missed two kickable penalties and Ireland drew level with a Ronan O'Gara penalty midway through the first half. The Italians were driving at the heart of the Irish defence and, for the first quarter, the Irish pack struggled to secure any ball for their talented backs.\nWhen they finally did, just before the half-hour mark, O'Driscoll promptly created a sparkling try for Murphy. The Ireland captain ran a dummy scissors and made a magical outside break before drawing the full-back and putting the diving Murphy in at the corner. O'Gara missed the twice-taken conversion and the visitors found themselves trailing once again. Roland de Marigny took over the kicking duties for Italy from the hapless Orquera, and he landed a penalty either side of the break to edge Italy into a 9-8 lead.\nThe only Ireland player offering a real threat was O'Driscoll, and it was his break that set up the second try for the visitors. Shane Horgan threw an overhead pass as he was about to be forced into touch and Stringer scooted over, with O'Gara landing the tricky conversion. A penalty apiece saw Ireland leading 18-12 as the game entered the final quarter, but they were lucky to survive when Italy launched a series of attacks. Winger Nitoglia dropped the ball as he reached for the line and Italy nearly rumbled over from a driving maul.\nAn O'Gara penalty put Ireland more than a converted try ahead and they made the game safe when Hickie latched onto an inside pass from Murphy and crossed for a converted try. O'Driscoll limped off late on, joining centre partner Gordon D'Arcy on the sidelines, and the final word went to Italy. Prop Martin Castrogiovanni powered over for a try which was fitting reward for an Italian pack which had kept the Irish under pressure throughout.\nDe Marigny; Mi Bergamasco, Canale, Masi, Nitoglia; Orquera, Troncon; Lo Cicero, Ongaro, Castrogiovanni; Dellape, Bortolami; Persico, Ma Bergamasco, Parisse.\nPerugini, Intoppa, Del Fava, Dal Maso, Griffen, Pozzebon, Robertson.\nMurphy, Horgan, O'Driscoll, D'Arcy, Hickie, O'Gara, Stringer, Corrigan, Byrne, Hayes, O'Kelly, O'Connell, S Easterby, Leamy, Foley.\nSheahan, Horan, O'Callaghan, Miller, G Easterby, Humphreys, Dempsey.\nP O'Brien (New Zealand)"), ('England 17-18 France', "England suffered an eighth defeat in 11 Tests as scrum-half Dimitri Yachvili booted France to victory at Twickenham.\nTwo converted tries from Olly Barkley and Josh Lewsey helped the world champions to a 17-6 half-time lead. But Charlie Hodgson and Barkley missed six penalties between them, while Yachvili landed six for France to put the visitors in front. England could have won the game with three minutes left, but Hodgson pushed an easy drop goal opportunity wide. It was a dismal defeat for England, coming hard on the heels of an opening Six Nations loss in Wales. They should have put the game well beyond France's reach, but remarkably remained scoreless for the entire second half. A scrappy opening quarter saw both sides betray the lack of confidence engendered by poor opening displays against Wales and Scotland respectively. Hodgson had an early opportunity to settle English nerves but pushed a straightforward penalty attempt wide. But a probing kick from France centre Damien Traille saw Mark Cueto penalised for holding on to the ball in the tackle, Yachvili giving France the lead with a kick from wide out.\nFrance twice turned over England ball at the breakdown early on as the home side struggled to generate forward momentum, one Ben Kay charge apart. A spell of tit-for-tat kicking emphasised the caution on both sides, until England refused a possible three points to kick a penalty to the corner, only to botch the subsequent line-out. But England made the breakthrough after 19 minutes, when a faltering move off the back of a scrum led to the opening try. Jamie Noon took a short pass from Barkley and ran a good angle to plough through Yann Delaigue's flimsy tackle before sending his centre partner through to score at the posts.\nHodgson converted and added a penalty after one of several French infringements on the floor for a 10-3 lead. The fly-half failed to dispense punishment though with a scuffed attempt after France full-back Pepito Elhorga, scragged by Lewsey, threw the ball into touch. Barkley also missed two longer-range efforts as the first half drew to a close, but by then England had scored a second converted try. After a series of phases lock Danny Grewcock ran hard at the French defence and off-loaded out of Sylvain Marconnet's tackle to Lewsey. The industrious wing cut back in on an angle and handed off hooker Sebastien Bruno to sprint over. After a dire opening to the second half, France threw on three forward replacements in an attempt to rectify the situation, wing Jimmy Marlu having already departed injured. Yachvili nibbled away at the lead with a third penalty after 51 minutes.\nAnd when Lewis Moody was twice penalised - for handling in a ruck and then straying offside - the scrum-half's unerring left boot cut the deficit to two points. Barkley then missed his third long-range effort to increase the tension. And after seeing another attempt drop just short, Yachvili put France ahead with his sixth penalty with 11 minutes left.\nEngland sent on Ben Cohen and Matt Dawson, and after Barkley's kick saw Christophe Dominici take the ball over his own line, the stage was set for a victory platform. But even after a poor scrummage, Hodgson had the chance to seal victory but pushed his drop-goal attempt wide. England threw everything at the French in the final frantic moments, but the visitors held on for their first win at Twickenham since 1997.\nJ Robinson (capt); M Cueto, J Noon, O Barkley, J Lewsey; C Hodgson, H Ellis; G Rowntree, S Thompson, P Vickery; D Grewcock, B Kay; J Worsley, L Moody, M Corry.\nA Titterrell, A Sheridan, S Borthwick, A Hazell, M Dawson, H Paul, B Cohen.\nP Elhorga; C Dominici, B Liebenberg, D Traille, J Marlu; Y Delaigue, D Yachvili; S Marconnet, S Bruno, N Mas; F Pelous (capt), J Thion, S Betsen, J Bonnaire, S Chabal.\nW Servat, J Milloud, G Lamboley, Y Nyanga, P Mignoni, F Michalak, J-P Grandclaude.\nPaddy O'Brien (New Zealand)"), ('Germany nears 1990 jobless level', 'German unemployment rose for the 11th consecutive month in December - making the year\'s average jobless total the highest since reunification.\nThe seasonally adjusted jobless total rose a higher than expected 17,000 to 4.483 million, the Bundesbank said. Allowing for changes in calculating statistics, the average number of people out of work was the highest since 1990 - or a rate of 10.8%. Bad weather and a sluggish economy were blamed for the rise. The increase "was due primarily to the onstart of winter", labour office chief Frank-Juergen Weise said.\nUnadjusted, the figures showed unemployment rose 206,900 to 4.64 million - with many sectors such as construction laying off workers amid bad weather. "The three years of stagnation in the German economy came to an end in 2004. But the upturn is still not strong enough" to boost the labour market, Mr Weise added. News of the rise came as government welfare reforms came into force, a move that is expected to see unemployment swell still further in coming months. Under the Hartz IV changes, the previous two tier system of benefits and support for the long term unemployed has been replaced with one flat-rate payout. In turn, that means more people will be classified as looking for work, driving official figures higher.\n"Be prepared for a nasty figure for January 2005, about five million unemployed on a non-seasonally adjusted basis," warned HVB Group economist Andreas Rees. But he did add that the numbers should "subside" throughout the year, to remain near 2004\'s level of 4.4 million jobless. "I don\'t expect a strong and lasting turnaround until 2006," German Economy minister Wolfgang Clement said. By 2010, however, the Hartz IV reforms should help cut the average jobless rate to between 3% and 5%, he added. Europe\'s biggest economy has been too weak to create work as it struggles to shake off three years of economic stagnation. In recent months companies such as Adam Opel - the German arm of US carmaker General Motors - and retailer KarstadtQuelle have slashed jobs.'), ('Dent continues Adelaide progress', 'American Taylor Dent reached the final of the Australian hardcourt event in Adelaide with a crushing 6-1 6-1 win over Argentine Juan Ignacio Chela.\nDent will meet Swede Joachim Johansson on Sunday after the second seed survived a tense tie-break to defeat Belgium\'s Olivier Rochus 6-1 7-6 (7/5). Johansson, the boyfriend of Lleyton Hewitt\'s sister Jaslyn, received strong crowd support on Saturday. "It feels like home for me, because Jaslyn lives here," said Johansson. Rochus was leading 5-4 in the second set tiebreak but his concentration was ruffled by a disputed line call and the match slipped away. "It was so close - one mistake like this and the match is over, it\'s tough. For me, it was clearly out," Rochus said.'), ('Further rise in UK jobless total', 'The UK\'s jobless total rose for the second month in a row in December, official figures show.\nThe number of people out of work rose 32,000 to 1.41 million in the last three months of 2004, even as 90,000 more people were in employment. Average earnings rose by 4.3% in the year to December up from November\'s 4.2%, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) added. Meanwhile, the benefit claimant total fell 11,000 to 813,200 last month. Throughout 2004, the number of people in work increased by 296,000 to 28.52 million - the highest figure since records began in 1971.\nThe apparent discrepancy between rising unemployment and record numbers in work can be explained by an increase in the working population and a fall in those who are economically inactive. While the UK\'s jobless rate rose to 4.7% from 4.6% in the previous quarter, the rate still remains one of the lowest in the world, compared with 12.1% in Germany, 10.4% in Spain and 9.7% in France. But, despite more people being in work, the manufacturing sector continued to suffer, with 104,000 workers axed during the last quarter of 2004 - pushing employment in the sector to a record low of 3.24 million by the end of last year. The figures prompted some analysts to forecast that the Bank of England will almost certainly raise rates this year. Marc Ostwald, a strategist at Monument Securities told Reuters that while no immediate market impact could be expected, "it is enough to underline that they (the BoE) will be more hawkish on rates".'), ('Robinson ready for difficult task', 'England coach Andy Robinson faces the first major test of his tenure as he tries to get back to winning ways after the Six Nations defeat by Wales.\nRobinson is likely to make changes in the back row and centre after the 11-9 loss as he contemplates Sunday\'s set-to with France at Twickenham. Lewis Moody and Martin Corry could both return after missing the game with hamstring and shoulder problems. And the midfield pairing of Mathew Tait and Jamie Noon is also under threat. Olly Barkley immediately allowed England to generate better field position with his kicking game after replacing debutant Tait just before the hour. The Bath fly-half-cum-centre is likely to start against France, with either Tait or Noon dropping out.\nTait, given little opportunity to shine in attack, received praise from Robinson afterwards, even if the coach admitted Cardiff was an "unforgiving place" for the teenage prodigy. Robinson now has a tricky decision over whether to withdraw from the firing line, after just one outing, a player he regards as central to England\'s future. Tait himself, at least outwardly, appeared unaffected by the punishing treatment dished out to him by Gavin Henson in particular. "I want more of that definitely," he said. "Hopefully I can train hard this week and get selected for next week but we\'ll have to look at the video and wait and see. "We were playing on our own 22 for a lot of the first half so it was quite difficult. I thought we defended reasonably well but we\'ve just got to pick it up for France."\nHis Newcastle team-mate Noon hardly covered himself in glory in his first major Test. He missed a tackle on Michael Owen in the build-up to Wales\' try, conceded a penalty at the breakdown, was turned over in another tackle and fumbled Gavin Henson\'s cross-kick into touch, all inside the first quarter. His contribution improved in the second half, but England clearly need more of a playmaker in the inside centre role. Up front, the line-out remains fallible, despite a superb performance from Chris Jones, whose athleticism came to the fore after stepping into the side for Moody. It is more likely the Leicester flanker will return on the open side for the more physical challenge posed by the French forwards, with Andy Hazell likely to make way. Lock Ben Kay also justified his recall with an impressive all-round display on his return to the side, but elsewhere England positives were thin on the ground.'), ("O'Gara revels in Ireland victory", 'Ireland fly-half Ronan O\'Gara hailed his side\'s 19-13 victory over England as a "special" win.\nThe Munster number 10 kicked a total of 14 points, including two drop goals, to help keep alive their Grand Slam hopes. He told BBC Sport: "We made hard work of it but it\'s still special to beat England. "I had three chances to win the game but didn\'t. We have work to do after this but we never take a victory over England lightly." Ireland hooker Shane Byrne echoed O\'Gara\'s comments but admitted the game had been England\'s best outing in the Six Nations. Byrne said: "It was a really, really hard game but from one to 15 in our team we worked really, really hard. "We just had to stick to our defensive pattern, trust ourselves and trust those around us. All round it was fantastic." Ireland captain Brian O\'Driscoll, who scored his side\'s only try, said: "We are delighted, we felt if we performed well then we would win but with England also having played very well it makes it all the sweeter. "We did get the bounce of the ball and some days that happens and you\'ve just got to jump on the back of it."\nIreland coach Eddie O\'Sullivan was surprised that England coach Andy Robinson said he was certain Mark Cueto was onside for a disallowed try just before the break. "Andy was sitting two yards from me and I couldn\'t see whether he was offside or not so I don\'t know how Andy could have known," said O\'Sullivan.\n"What I do know is that England played well and when that happens it makes a very good victory for us. "We had to defend for long periods and that is all good for the confidence of the team. "I think our try was very well worked, it was a gem, as good a try as we have scored for a while." O\'Sullivan also rejected Robinson\'s contention England dominated the forward play. "I think we lost one lineout and they lost four or five so I don\'t know how that adds up to domination," he said. O\'Driscoll also insisted Ireland were happy to handle the pressure of being considered favourites to win the Six Nations title. "This season for the first time we have been able to play with the favourites\' tag," he said. "Hopefully we have proved that today and can continue to keep doing so. "As for my try it was a move we had worked on all week. There was a bit of magic from Geordan Murphy and it was a great break from Denis Hickie."'), ("Ireland win eclipses refereeing 'errors'", 'The International Rugby Board may have to step in to stop frustrated coaches and players from publicly haranguing referees when things go belly-up.\nIt may have to go the whole way and have NFL-style video cameras all over the field, or slap the vociferous perpetrators over the knuckles. What the IRB does not want is a football scenario where the verbal slanging matches often overshadow the game itself. Sunday\'s explosive Six Nations clash at Lansdowne Road was a good example as Ireland took another step towards their first Grand Slam since 1948. The game was as exciting as it comes, with a much-improved England side enraged at a few decisions that did not go their way. One can understand that frustration. There was no doubt that Ireland had the rub of the green in their 19-13 victory, but the reaction from the England camp may not have endeared them to the sport\'s "blazers". Referee Jonathan Kaplan was not perfect by any means and two decisions in particular made him the villain of the piece. I doubt whether Kaplan would have been too pleased at the comments made. After all, he has no public recourse to criticism.\nIt was the same for Simon McDowell, the touch judge who was heavily criticised by Scotland coach Matt Williams after their defeat against France. As far as England were concerned, there were queries over Mark Cueto\'s first half-effort when he went over in the corner from a Charlie Hodgson kick.\nEngland coach Andy Robinson referred to a similar case at Ravenhill in January when Ulster were playing Gloucester in the Heineken Cup. On that occasion, David Humphreys kicked to Tommy Bowe, who touched down in the corner only for the try to be wiped out. But you cannot have cameras at every conceivable angle to pick up such anomalies. Perhaps Robinson was right to say the referee should have gone upstairs when Josh Lewsey was driven over the Irish line near the end.\nLewsey claims he touched it down and was in full control. However, one has to credit Ireland flanker Johnny O\'Connor for cleverly scooping the ball away and blocking any evidence of a touchdown. But in rugby, everything tends to even out over the 80 minutes. The referee also missed England\'s Danny Grewcock taking out Ronan O\'Gara off the ball to allow Martin Corry a Sunday stroll to the line. Those were the stand-out moments in a classic game between the two old foes.\nBut there were many more, and one should not take away from those. Brian O\'Driscoll\'s winning try was as well-conceived as they come, while Charlie Hodgson\'s brilliant kicking display was another highlight. And Ronan O\'Gara\'s tremendous ability to control the game was also a crucial component. But the defining moments came with Ireland under the cosh in the final 15 minutes. Two outstanding pieces of defensive play denied England and allowed Ireland to hold on. The first was Denis Hickie\'s brilliant double tackle in the right-hand corner. He gobbled up Cueto from another Hodgson cross-field kick, then regained his feet to stop Lewsey from scoring a certain try. Ireland\'s second-row colossus Paul O\'Connell was equally superb. England had turned Ireland one way then the other, and the defence cordon was slowly disintegrating. England prop Matt Stevens ran in at full steam to suck in a few more tacklers. Unfortunately he ran into O\'Connell who hit him hard - very hard - and then wrestled the ball away for a crucial turnover. That spoke volumes about Ireland\'s back-foot display, with defensive coach Mike Ford taking a bow at the end. To win a game like that showed that Ireland have moved forward. It may be tries that win games, but it is defence that wins championships.'), ('Ireland call up uncapped Campbell', 'Ulster scrum-half Kieran Campbell is one of five uncapped players included in Ireland\'s RBS Six Nations squad.\nCampbell is joined by Ulster colleagues Roger Wilson and Ronan McCormack along with Connacht\'s Bernard Jackman and Munster\'s Shaun Payne. Gordon D\'Arcy is back after injury while Munster flanker Alan Quinlan also returns to international consideration. "The squad is selected purely on form. A lot of players put their hands up," coach Eddie O\'Sullivan told BBC Sport. "Kieran Campbell was just one of those players. He has been playing very well in the Heineken Cup and deserves his call-up. "There is big competition in some departments and not so much in others. There were one or two players who were unfortunate just to miss out." Back-row forwards David Wallace and Victor Costello are omitted, with O\'Sullivan having Quinlan, Wilson, Simon Easterby, Anthony Foley, Denis Leamy and Johnny O\'Connor vying for the three positions.\nWith David Humphreys, Kevin Maggs, Simon Best and Tommy Bowe again included, it is Ulster\'s biggest representation in a training panel for quite some time. Munster and Leinster have 12 and 11 players in the squad respectively while Jackman is the sole Connacht representative. Four British-based players are also included. Ulster forward Ronan McCormack said he was "totally shocked" to be included. "I\'m really looking forward to it," said McCormack. "I played with guys like Brian O\'Driscoll and Denis Hickie back in my school days in Leinster so I do know a few of them although not that well. "It will be great to work with them."\nS Best (Ulster), S Byrne (Leinster), R Corrigan (Leinster), L Cullen (Leinster), S Easterby (Llanelli), A Foley (Munster), J Hayes (Munster), M Horan (Munster), B Jackman (Connacht), D Leamy (Munster), E Miller (Leinster), R McCormack (Ulster), D O\'Callaghan (Munster), P O\'Connell (Munster), J O\'Connor (Wasps), M O\'Kelly (Leinster), F Sheahan (Munster), R Wilson (Ulster), A Quinlan (Munster).\nT Bowe (Ulster), K Campbell (Ulster), G D\'Arcy (Ulster), G Dempsey (Leinster), G Duffy (Harlequins), G Easterby (Leinster), D Hickie (Leinster), A Horgan (Munster), S Horgan (Leinster), D Humphreys (Ulster), K Maggs (Ulster), G Murphy (Leicester), B O\'Driscoll, (Leinster), R O\'Gara (Munster), S Payne (Munster), P Stringer (Munster).\nK Gleeson (Leinster), T Howe (Ulster), J Kelly (Munster), N McMillan (Ulster).'), ('Sluggish economy hits German jobs', 'The number of people out of work in Europe\'s largest economy has risen for the tenth straight month as growth remains stubbornly slow.\nGerman unemployment rose 7,000 in November to 4.464 million people, or 10.8% of the workforce. The seasonally adjusted rise showed a smaller rise than expected, as government measures to encourage job creation began to take effect. But officials said stagnant growth was still stifling the job market. "There are clear signs of a revival in domestic demand," said Frank-Juergen Weise, head of the Federal Labour Agency, in a statement. "But growth of 0.1%... in the third quarter is still insufficient to deliver positive momentum to the labour market." High oil prices and the soaring euro - which damages the competitiveness of exporters - were also having a negative effect, he said. The brunt of the unemployment is still being felt in the eastern part of Germany, where the rate is 18.8%.\nWith unemployment stuck above 4 million for years, the government of Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder has put job creation at the top of the agenda. A controversial package of measures to shake up incentives to get back to work, paid for by cutting some cherished benefits, has sparked anger among some German workers. Strikes in a number of industries, notably among the country\'s iconic carmakers, have demonstrated the displeasure - as well as fears about further job losses as outsourcing takes hold. Among the new initiatives are the so-called "one-euro jobs" which top up unemployment benefit. The scheme\'s formal launch is January, but hirings for these positions are already taking place and affecting the unemployment statistics, economists said. "The deterioration of the labour market does not come as a surprise," said Isabelle Kronawitter at Hypovereinsbank. "Job creation measures probably prevented a stronger increase in the seasonally adjusted numbers."'), ('Radcliffe tackles marathon tasks', 'Paula Radcliffe faces arguably the biggest test of her career in the New York City Marathon on Sunday.\nBack under the spotlight of public scrutiny she will attempt to erase the double disappointment of the Athens Olympics, where she failed to finish the marathon and then the 10,000m. BBC Sport examines the challenges facing Radcliffe ahead of the big race. \nThe ability to run a gruelling 26.2 miles relies largely upon an athlete\'s belief that they can do it. Every runner will hit the wall at some stage and see written on it, "Are you strong enough to finish?"\nThe question could hit Radcliffe hard after she was unable to complete her last two races in high-profile and emotional circumstances. Sports psychologist Hugh Richards says the 30-year-old must draw on her past achievements to conquer a potential crisis of confidence. "There is an old adage, \'get straight back on the horse that threw you,\'" Richards told BBC Sport. "Paula has got all those great runs in her history as well as the two upsets in Athens. "She must not lose faith in what has already been proven is a very effective strategy for distance running. "If she were to change her preparation and tactics that would be madness. "She wants to start rebuilding her confidence through performance accomplishment." \nFor much of the watching media and public there can only be two possible outcomes in New York - win or lose. If Radcliffe crosses the line first she will have proved her critics wrong. But if she fails to triumph, she risks being labelled a has-been and her profile will suffer. And for any athlete that can have repercussions in terms of sponsorship, appearance fees as well as further self esteem issues.\n"Athletes need to try and stay focused on their internal controls and ignore external questions," explains Richards, who has worked with past Olympians. "She must not get caught up in someone else\'s agenda." Radcliffe\'s best friend and fellow distance runner Liz Yelling revealed the 30-year-old is already aware she will be exposing herself to more public scrutiny in New York. "She just thought, \'well, they can\'t think any worse of me now,\'" Yelling told BBC Sport. "She\'s just doing what she wants to do and not thinking about the consequences of it." \nRadcliffe described her decision to enter the New York marathon as "impulsive" but she is certain to have a tick-list of personal goals. Her aims could be as simple as completing a race and making sure she is still enjoying running but Richards says she must avoid more emotional targets, such as redemption. "You can\'t change history," warned Richards. "Only one person can win the marathon but lots of people can be successful. "Paula has to figure out what sort of things will she feel satisfied achieving by the end of the race." \nThe course from Staten Island to Central Park is renowned as one of the toughest in the world. It is also not the kind of fast course that tends to suit Radcliffe better, with the undulating finish through the park testing the legs\' final reserves.\nRadcliffe has never raced there before and will enter the unknown just 77 days after the Athens marathon. "It\'s suggested after a major marathon you take a full month off and start building up again," said Yelling, herself a marathon runner. "But that is only for long-term health and fitness. "When you finish a marathon you are still very fit and can recover quickly. So physically it is possible for Paula." Richards also points out conditions in New York will be more conducive to a strong physical display from Radcliffe. "The heat stress was the primary factor that tripped her up in Athens," he said. "And that just isn\'t going to be there in New York, that\'s been taken out of the equation." \nRadcliffe concedes she will probably learn a lot from her bad experiences in Athens in time. And Richards and Yelling agree she could turn the trauma to her advantage, starting in New York. "How you respond to adversity is what marks you out as elite or not," argues Richards.\n"One of the challenges of massive set backs is how you turn them into opportunities." And Yelling says: "I think this will probably make Paula." "I think it will drive her on and she\'ll come out of it a better athlete."'), ('Radcliffe proves doubters wrong', 'This won\'t go down as one of the greatest marathons of Paula\'s career. But as a test of character, it was the toughest race she\'s ever taken part in.\nA win in the New York marathon doesn\'t make up for the disappointment of Athens in any shape or form, but it will offer hope and reassurance for next year. If Paula\'s last experience of the year had been Athens, it would have been very difficult to look forward with any optimism. She can now draw a line under this year and make plans about her future. Even if she\'d lost this race, there would have been a lot of positives to take out of it. She knows she can dig deep if she needs to. It was a strong field, with a number of the girls going into the race with expectations of winning. And although two hours 23 minutes wasn\'t one of Paula\'s best times, it wasn\'t far off the record on a difficult course.\nI was speaking to Paula in the lead-up to this race and she said that in many ways she was facing a no-win situation. She thought that if she won, people would say "why couldn\'t she do that in Athens?" And if she lost, people would say her career was over. And a lot of people were wondering what would happen if Paula was forced to drop out of this race, as she did in the marathon and 10,000m in Athens. But that was never on the cards. She might have been beaten, but she would have kept running. The reasons she was forced to pull out in Athens - the niggling injuries, her lack of energy and the oppressive conditions - weren\'t at play here. The only question was what position she could finish in. Most important of all, despite all the hype in the media ahead of this race, there were never doubts in Paula\'s mind. If she wasn\'t confident, she wouldn\'t have run. After all, if you\'re the best in the world at an event, you\'ll always have expectations of winning.\nNow Paula will take part in the Run London 10km race in London at the end of the year, have a well-earned rest over Christmas and go into next year with a lot of optimism.'), ('Radcliffe will compete in London', 'Paula Radcliffe will compete in the Flora London Marathon this year after deciding her schedule for 2005.\nThe 31-year-old won the race in 2002 on her marathon debut, defended her title 12 months later and will now seek a third title in the 17 April race. "It doesn\'t get any better than this for the 25th anniversary," said race director David Bedford. "After announcing the greatest men\'s field ever we now have the greatest women\'s distance runner ever." Three years ago Radcliffe smashed the women\'s world record in two hours 18 minutes 15 seconds.\nThe Bedford star returned to London 12 months later, lowering her mixed-race world record of 2:17:18, which she set in Chicago in October 2003, by one minute 53 secs. Radcliffe\'s career took a setback when she failed to complete the Olympic marathon and later dropped out of the Athens 10,000m last August. But the 31-year-old bounced back to win the New York Marathon in November. Radcliffe, however, passed up the chance to go for the "Big City" marathon grand slam. With wins in Chicago, London and New York, only the Boston Marathon remains to be conquered but that takes place a day after London. "Boston is definitely a race I want to do at some point, but London is very special to me," said Radcliffe. "I don\'t pick races thinking about things like pressure. I pick the ones in my heart I really want to do. "I love the atmosphere, crowds and course and know it will always be a great quality race. "It is also the 25th anniversary this year which adds to the occasion."'), ('Gatlin and Hayes win Owen awards', 'American Olympic stars Justin Gatlin and Joanna Hayes have been named the winners of the 2004 Jesse Owens Awards, USA Track & Field\'s (USATF) top honour.\nGatlin, 22, won the closest 100m final in Games history with a career-best time of 9.85 seconds in Athens. He also won bronze in the 200m and silver in the 4x100m relay, becoming the only male athlete to win three athletics medals this summer. Hayes, 27, set an Olympic record of 12.37 in winning the 100m hurdles. Established in 1981, the Jesse Owens Awards - named in honour of the late Olympic great who won four gold medals at the 1936 Berlin Games - are presented annually to the outstanding US male and female track and field performers.\nThe 2004 awards will be presented on 3 December in conjunction with the USATF annual meeting in Portland. "It is such a great honour to win the Jesse Owens Award," said Gatlin. "It is one of the biggest honours in track and field and it is a great end to a great year. " Hayes said: "Knowing some of the great people who have won this award before me and knowing what it represents, I feel a sense accomplishment and pride which lets me know that everything that I have worked for is and always will be worth it."'), ('Dawson joins England injury list', 'Scrum-half Matt Dawson is an injury doubt for England\'s Six Nations opener against Wales next weekend.\nThe World Cup winner missed Wasps\' 12-9 loss to Bath on Saturday after injuring his right calf. Wasps coach Warren Gatland said: "He\'s got a fitness test in the week but he\'s got a good chance of playing." Gloucester\'s Andy Hazell and Leicester star Lewis Moody also received knocks during their respective league matches, but should be fit for Wales next week. If Dawson is not fit to face Wales, Robinson will have to choose from Gloucester\'s Andy Gomarsall or Leicester youngster Harry Ellis.\nJamie Noon is another player on the sidelines after he limped off in the first half against Saracens on Friday with a dead leg. The centre, who is in line for a first Six Nations start against Wales, will have to wait 48 hours before knowing the state of his injury.'), ("Quake's economic costs emerging", 'Asian governments and international agencies are reeling at the potential economic devastation left by the Asian tsunami and floods.\nWorld Bank president James Wolfensohn has said his agency is "only beginning to grasp the magnitude of the disaster" and its economic impact. The tragedy has left at least 25,000 people dead, with Sri Lanka, Thailand, India and Indonesia worst hit. Some early estimates of reconstruction costs are starting to emerge. Millions have been left homeless, while businesses and infrastructure have been washed away.\nEconomists believe several of the 10 countries hit by the giant waves could see a slowdown in growth.\nIn Sri Lanka, some observers have said that as much as 1% of annual growth may be lost. For Thailand, that figure is much lower at 0.1%. Governments are expected to take steps, such as cutting taxes and increasing spending, to facilitate a recovery.\n"With the enormous displacement of people...there will be a serious relaxation of fiscal policy," Glenn Maguire, chief economist for the region at Societe Generale, told Agence France Presse. "The economic impact of it will certainly be large, but it should not be enough to derail the momentum of the region in 2005," he said. "First and foremost this is a human tragedy." India\'s economy, however, is less likely to slow because the areas hit are some of the least developed. The regional giant has enjoyed strong growth in 2004. But India now faces other problems, with aid workers under pressure to ensure a clean supply of water and sanitation to prevent an outbreak of disease.\nThailand\'s Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra has estimated the destruction at 20bn baht ($510m). Analysts said that figure is likely to rise and the country\'s tourist industry is likely to be hardest hit. Thailand\'s fishing and real estate sectors also will be affected by Sunday\'s 9.0 magnitude earthquake, which sent huge waves from Malaysia to Africa. Malaysia said as many as 1,000 fishermen will be affected and that damage to the industry will be "significant", Agence France Presse reported. Rapid rebuilding will be key to limiting the impact of the tragedy. "In three months, we should rebuild 70% of the damage in the three worst hit provinces," said Juthamas Siriwan, governor of the Tourism Authority of Thailand. The outlook for Sri Lanka is less optimistic, with analysts predicting that the country\'s tourist industry will struggle to recovery quickly. Tourism is a vital to many developing countries, providing jobs for 19 million people in the south east Asian region, according to the World Travel and Tourism Council (WTTC).'), ('Minister digs in over doping row', 'The Belgian sports minister at the centre of the Svetlana Kuznetsova doping row says he will not apologise for making allegations against her.\nClaude Eerdekens claims the US Open champion tested positive for ephedrine at an exhibition event last month. Criticised for making the announcement, he said: "I will never apologise. This product is banned and it\'s up to her to explain why it\'s there." Kuznetsova says the stimulant may have been in a cold remedy she took. The Russian said she did nothing wrong by taking the medicine during the event. The Women\'s Tennis Association cleared Kuznetsova of any offence because the drug is not banned when taken out of competition.\nEerdekens said he made the statement in order to protect the other three players that took part in the tournament, Belgian Justine Henin-Hardenne, Nathalie Dechy of France and Russia\'s Elena Dementieva. But Dechy is fuming that she has been implicated in the row. "How can you be happy when you see your face on the cover page and talking about doping?" Dechy said. "I\'m really upset about it and I think the Belgian government did a really bad job about this. "I think we deserve an apology from the guy. You cannot say anything like this - you cannot say some stuff like this, saying it\'s one of these girls. This is terrible." Dementieva is also angry and says that Dechy and herself are the real victims of the scandal. "You have no idea what I have been through all these days. It\'s been too hard on me," she said. "The WTA are trying to handle this problem by saying there are three victims, but I see only two victims in this story - me and Nathalie Dechy, who really have nothing to do with this. "To be honest with you, I don\'t feel like I want to talk to Sveta at all. I\'m just very upset with the way everything has happened."'), ('Wall Street cheers Bush victory', 'The US stock market has closed higher in response to George W Bush\'s victory in the presidential elections.\nThe benchmark Dow Jones share index closed more than 1% higher at 10,137, while the Nasdaq rose 0.9% to 2,004. Many investors believe that Mr Bush\'s policies are more business-friendly than those of his Democrat challenger, John Kerry. The higher share prices also reflect relief that a clear winner has emerged from what proved to be a tight poll.\nInvestors had worried that the outcome of the poll would be inconclusive, paving the way for a repeat of the legal wrangling that marred the 2000 election.\nThe Dow lost 5% of its value in the three weeks immediately after that election, when it was unclear who would occupy the White House. Mr Kerry conceded defeat on Wednesday, abandoning last-ditch hopes of carrying the vote in the swing state of Ohio. "The relief for the markets may be that we have a decision and can move forward," said Tim Ghriskey, chief investment officer of Solaris Asset Management. Some analysts predicted that the jump in share prices would be short-lived, saying investors would quickly focus once again on the health of the US economy. "I would look at the stock market rally for Bush as kind of a one-day event," said Ken Mayland at Clearview Economics. The US\' recent economic performance has been mixed, with solid growth offset by disappointingly low job creation figures, and mounting worries over a record budget deficit. Elsewhere in the financial markets on Wednesday, the dollar dipped slightly against the euro and climbed against the yen, while US oil prices closed up $1.26 at $50.88 a barrel in New York. The rise in oil prices partly reflects the view that President Bush is less likely than Mr Kerry to release supplies from the US\' strategic oil reserve. Share prices in London, Frankfurt and Paris also closed higher.\nSuccessive polls in the run-up to Tuesday\'s election had shown the two candidates running neck and neck.\nEconomic issues, as well as the war in Iraq, were the forefront of the campaign. In key swing states such as Ohio, which has suffered substantial job losses in the past four years, President Bush\'s handling of the economy became a crucial election issue. Senator Kerry attacked President Bush\'s economic record during his campaign, hammering home the fact that a net 800,000 jobs were lost during his term in office. President Bush focused on the fact that two million jobs have been created in the past year, claiming that it has vindicated his tax-cutting agenda. As for future policies, both candidates pledged to bring America\'s $422bn federal budget deficit under control. Senator Kerry planned to increase taxes on those earning more than $200,000 a year. President Bush has placed reform of the pensions system at the heart of his economic agenda for a second term. However, economists have said both candidates\' economic programmes rested on questionable assumptions about future growth.'), ('Murray to make Cup history', 'Andrew Murray will become Britain\'s youngest-ever Davis Cup player after it was confirmed he will play in the doubles against Israel on Saturday.\nThe 17-year-old will play alongside fellow debutant David Sherwood against Israel\'s Jonathan Erlich and Andy Ram. Murray will eclipse the record set by Roger Becker back in 1952. Greg Rusedski takes Tim Henman\'s place as first choice in the singles, while Alex Bogdanovic will play in the second singles clash. Rusedski will take on former world number 30 Harel Levy and Bogdanovic - who has previously played in two singles rubbers against Australia - will face Noam Okun.\nMurray is the brightest young hope in British tennis, after winning the US Open junior title last year and the BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year. British number one Tim Henman, who announced his Davis Cup retirement earlier this year, believes Britain can win the tie in Tel Aviv. "It\'s going to be as really tough match. Israel have some really good players - and their doubles pair of Andy Ram and Jonathan Erlich are among the top eight in the world - but I fancy our chances," he said. But Henman urged Bogdanovic, who has had run-ins with British tennis officials in the past, to seize his chance. "Alex is a quality player - he\'s young but he\'s got to keep pushing forward. "He\'s got to be stronger, he\'s got a lot of ability but he\'s got to be more disciplined mentally and physically and if he does that he\'s got a good chance."'), ('Giant waves damage S Asia economy', 'Governments, aid agencies, insurers and travel firms are among those counting the cost of the massive earthquake and waves that hammered southern Asia.\nThe worst-hit areas are Sri Lanka, India, Indonesia and Thailand, with at least 23,000 people killed. Early estimates from the World Bank put the amount of aid needed at about $5bn (2.6bn), similar to the cash offered Central America after Hurricane Mitch. Mitch killed about 10,000 people and caused damage of about $10bn in 1998. World Bank spokesman Damien Milverton told the Wall Street Journal that he expected an aid package of financing and debt relief.\nTourism is a vital part of the economies of the stricken countries, providing jobs for 19 million people in the south east Asian region, according to the World Travel and Tourism Council (WTTC). In the Maldives islands, in the Indian ocean, two-thirds of all jobs depend on tourism.\nBut the damage covers fishing, farming and businesses too, with hundreds of thousands of buildings and small boats destroyed by the waves. International agencies have pledged their support; most say it is impossible to gauge the extent of the damage yet. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has promised rapid action to help the governments of the stricken countries cope.\n"The IMF stands ready to do its part to assist these nations with appropriate support in their time of need," said managing director Rodrigo Rato. Only Sri Lanka and Bangladesh currently receive IMF support, while Indonesia, the quake\'s epicentre, has recently graduated from IMF assistance. It is up to governments to decide if they want IMF help. Other agencies, such as the Asian Development Bank, have said that it is too early to comment on the amount of aid needed. There is no underestimating the size of the problem, however. The United Nations\' emergency relief coordinator, Jan Egeland, said that "this may be the worst national disaster in recent history because it is affecting so many heavily populated coastal areas... so many vulnerable communities. "Many people will have [had] their livelihoods, their whole future destroyed in a few seconds." He warned that "the longer term effects many be as devastating as the tidal wave or the tsunami itself" because of the risks of epidemics from polluted drinking water.\nInsurers are also struggling to assess the cost of the damage, but several big players believe the final bill is likely to be less than the $27bn cost of the hurricanes that battered the US earlier this year.\n"The region that\'s affected is very big so we have to check country-by-country what the situation is", said Serge Troeber, deputy head of the natural disasters department at Swiss Re, the world\'s second biggest reinsurance firm. "I should assume, however, that the overall dimension of insured damages is below the storm damages of the US," he said. Munich Re, the world\'s biggest reinsurer, said: "This is primarily a human tragedy. It is too early for us to state what our financial burden will be." Allianz has said it sees no significant impact on its profitability. However, a low insurance bill may simply reflect the general poverty of much of the region, rather than the level of economic devastation for those who live there.\nThe International Federation of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies told the Reuters news agency that it was seeking $6.5m for emergency aid.\n"The biggest health challenges we face is the spread of waterborne diseases, particularly malaria and diarrhoea," the aid agency was quoted as saying. The European Union has said it will deliver 3m euros (2.1m; $4.1m) of aid, according to the Wall Street Journal. The EU\'s Humanitarian Aid Commissioner, Louis Michel, was quoted as saying that it was key to bring aid "in those vital hours and days immediately after the disaster". Other countries also are reported to have pledged cash, while the US State Department said it was examining what aid was needed in the region. Getting companies and business up and running also may play a vital role in helping communities recover from the weekend\'s events.\nMany of the worst-hit areas, such as Sri Lanka, Thailand\'s Phuket island and the Maldives, are popular tourist resorts that are key to local economies.\nDecember and January are two of the busiest months for the travel in southern Asia and the damage will be even more keenly felt as the industry was only just beginning to emerge from a post 9/11 slump. Growth has been rapid in southeast Asia, with the World Tourism Organisation figures showing a 45% increase in tourist revenues in the region during the first 10 months of 2004. In southern Asia that expansion is 23%. "India continues to post excellent results thanks to increased promotion and product development, but also to the upsurge in business travel driven by the rapid economic development of the country," the WTO said. "Arrivals to other destinations such as... Maldives and Sri Lanka also thrived." In Thailand, tourism accounts for about 6% of the country\'s annual gross domestic product, or about $8bn. In Singapore the figure is close to 5%. Tourism also brings in much needed foreign currency. In the short-term, however, travel companies are cancelling flights and trips. That has hit shares across Asia and Europe, with investors saying that earnings and economic growth are likely to slow.'), ('Asia quake increases poverty risk', 'Nearly two million people across Asia could be thrown into poverty because of the Indian Ocean tsunami, the Asian Development Bank (ADB) has said.\nIn its first overview of the disaster, the ADB said the impact on economic growth would be slight because major cities and factories escaped damage. But the blow to many low-income people could be "enormous". The Paris Club of rich creditor nations on Wednesday offered to freeze debts owed by tsunami-hit countries.\nThe move was aimed at helping South Asian governments find budgets to rebuild devastated coastal areas, though so far only Sri Lanka, Indonesia and the Seychelles have indicated that they will take it up.\nOther countries believe their economies are strong enough to cope or wish to avoid being viewed as credit risks. "Poverty is potentially the most important impact of this natural disaster," said ADB chief economist Ifzal Ali. Donor nations have promised to give $717m (379m) in disaster relief over the next six months, according to the United Nations.\nMr Ali added his voice to those warning that aid pledges must be promptly delivered, saying the number of people at risk of poverty hinged on "concerns over sanitation and health conditions, and other basic needs" being "properly and quickly addressed".\nThere are 1.9 billion people in Asia living on less than $2 a day. The ADB fears that 1 million Indonesians could join them, while in India just over half a million people - 645,000 - are at risk of falling into poverty. A quarter of a million Sri Lankans and 23,500 people in the Maldives are also facing poverty. In the Maldives, where 43% of the population already lives on less than $2 a day, this could rise to half. Sri Lanka and the Maldives are the two countries the ADB fears are most at risk of suffering lasting economic damage from the tsunami. Sri Lanka\'s government has estimated reconstruction costs at nearly $3bn. A government task force held meetings to discuss an emergency rebuilding plan with the ADB, World Bank and Japanese aid agencies on Wednesday, and promised to publish the plan within 10 days.\nIndonesia, Malaysia, Thailand and India have enjoyed strong economic growth in recent years, which should cushion them against reconstruction costs. Although Indonesia\'s northern province of Aceh suffered the worst death toll, the region\'s oil and natural gas production facilities "have survived intact", the report said. However, it remains too soon to asses the damage to poor people\'s livelihoods in Aceh because it would depend on how much farm land had been flooded by seawater. "This is a profoundly tragic event for the region and for the millions who are suffering. But the economies of the affected countries except Sri Lanka and the Maldives should emerge with minimal damage," the ADB report said. Some businesses may even gain from the reconstruction efforts, thereby creating jobs. At a meeting in Thailand, ABD president Thadao Chino said he was confident of the country\'s "own capabilities to restore normalcy to the affected areas and meet the rehabilitation requirements". Thailand has said it does not wish to opt for a debt repayment freeze, while India has also rejected international aid, saying it can cope on its own resources. Debt repayment holidays carry the risk of credit ratings downgrades, making it more expensive to borrow money in future. Indonesia, however, is pressing for greater help with its debts than the current freeze would bring. It is one of the world\'s most indebted countries.'), ('Officials respond in court row', 'Australian tennis\' top official has defended the Australian Open courts at Melbourne Park after criticism of the playing surface by Lleyton Hewitt.\nHewitt said he had had a "gutful" of trying to persuade them to make the surface faster but Tennis Australia\'s Geoff Pollard rejected his comments. "We did ask for it to be made faster than last year and, to my knowledge, it is faster," he said. "We spent a substantial amount of money on modifications to make it faster." Hewitt, who has not got past the fourth round at Melbourne in seven attempts, had earlier said the surface was not worthy of such a prestigious tournament. But he said he would play on whatever surface he had to in order to have a chance of winning. The tournament starts on 17 January, and Pollard said the surface had been speeded up since last year\'s tournament following complaints by several Australian players. But he refused to accept that the Melbourne surface may have had a bearing on Hewitt\'s performances over the years. "Lleyton\'s proving how versatile he is on all surfaces," he said. "It is faster than last year and that\'ll be faster than the one Lleyton beat Roger Federer on in the Davis Cup in 2003."'), ('Parmar ruled out of Davis Cup tie', 'A knee injury has forced Arvind Parmar out of Great Britain\'s Davis Cup tie in Israel and left Alex Bogdanovic in line to take the second singles place.\nParmar picked up the injury last week and has failed to recover in time for the Europe/Africa Zone I tie, which begins in Tel Aviv on Friday. Bogdanovic looks set to take the second singles place alongside Greg Rusedski. GB captain Jeremy Bates could use 17-year-old Andrew Murray and David Sherwood in the doubles rubber. Bogdanovic and Murray both pulled out of tournaments last week through injury but are expected to be fit. Jamie Delgado and Lee Childs have been called into the squad in Tel Aviv as designated hitters for team practice but Bates has no plans to call either of them into his squad at present.\nThe unheralded Sherwood was the surprise inclusion when the squad was announced last week, and Bates said: "David has earned his place in this squad on the merit of his form and results over the last 12 months." The 6ft 4in Sherwood is ranked 264th in the world and the LTA have high hopes for him after Futures tournament wins in Wrexham and Edinburgh.\nThe Sheffield-born right-hander, aged 24, also reached another final in Plaisir, France, a week after making the semi-final in Mulhouse. Bates is glad to have Rusedski available after Tim Henman\'s retirement from Davis Cup tennis. "His wealth of experience is invaluable, particularly to the younger players and I know he will lead by example," Bates said. "We are looking forward to the tie. The squad are all in excellent form."'), ('What now for British tennis?', 'Tim Henman\'s decision to quit Davis Cup tennis has left the British team with a gargantuan void to fill.\nThe world number seven is tied for fourth among his countrymen for wins in the history of the tournament (he has 36 from his 50 rubbers). And Great Britain\'s last Davis Cup win without Henman came against Slovenia as far back as 1996. Worse could follow, according to former British team member Chris Bailey. Bailey told BBC Sport: "After Tim\'s announcement, I doubt Greg Rusedski will be that far behind him." But without their top two, where does that leave British ambitions in the sport\'s premier team event? Captain Jeremy Bates has singled out Alex Bogdanovic and Andrew Murray as potential replacements. The Yugoslavian-born Bogdanovic, though, is 184 places below Henman in the world rankings and has played just two cup ties - winning one and losing the other.\nMurray, on the other hand, is 407th in the current ATP entry list and yet to make his cup debut. But Bailey does see some hope for the future. He said: "Now we\'ve dropped down to the Euro-Africa zone, the time was right for him to step down and let the young guys come to the fore." Britain\'s next opponents, Israel, are hardly likely to be quaking in their boots ahead of the 4-6 March match against a likely trio of Bogdanovic, Murray and the 187th-ranked Arvind Parmar. Bailey said: "It will be tough for GB to move up, but there comes a time when our young players have to step up. This was always going to be inevitable with Tim and Greg\'s growing years. "I\'m confident about the future. I wouldn\'t lay money on us getting back into the world group next year, but I\'d imagine in five years time we\'ll be competing for the major honours." Of those lining up to replace Henman, the 17-year-old Murray, with four Futures titles under his belt last year, looks the best long-term bet. "Murray is the one that looks likeliest to take over Tim\'s mantle," said Bailey. "He has an enormous amount of self-confidence, judging by what he\'s said in the past." Bogdanovic, three years Murray\'s senior, has had a more troubled time under Britain\'s Davis Cup umbrella.\nWhile Murray has been marked out as Britain\'s golden boy, Bogdanovic was warned by the Lawn Tennis Association for a lack of drive at the end of 2003. And Bailey said: "Despite that, Alex is clearly talented as well, while Arvind is another contender. "They\'re among the guys who have experienced the intensity of Davis Cup tennis - whether as players or on the sidelines. "The LTA has always done an exceptional job of ensuring that. "Now they\'ll finally get to play regularly in the cauldron of the cup. And I\'m confident that will springboard Team GB to greater success."'), ('Henman decides to quit Davis Cup', 'Tim Henman has retired from Great Britain\'s Davis Cup team.\nThe 30-year-old, who made his Davis Cup debut in 1994, is now set to fully focus on the ATP Tour and on winning his first Grand Slam event. "I\'ve made no secret of the fact that representing Great Britain has always been a top priority for me throughout my career," Henman told his website. Captain Jeremy Bates has touted Alex Bogdanovic and Andrew Murray as possible replacements for the veteran. Henman added that he was available to help Britain in its bid for Davis Cup success, with the next tie against Israel in March . "Although I won\'t be playing, I would still like to make myself available to both Jeremy and the LTA in the future so that I can draw upon my experience in the hope of trying to help the British players develop their full potential," he added. "I\'ve really enjoyed playing in front of the thousands of British fans both home and abroad and would like to thank every one of them for their unwavering support over the years." Henman leaves Davis Cup tennis with an impressive record, having won 36 of his 50 matches. Great Britain captain Jeremy Bates paid tribute to Henman\'s efforts over the years.\n"Tim has quite simply had a phenomenal Davis Cup career and it has been an absolute privilege to have captained the team with him in it," said Bates. "Tim\'s magnificent record speaks for itself. While it\'s a great loss I completely understand and respect his decision to retire from Davis Cup and focus on the Grand Slams and Tour. " "Looking to the future this decision obviously marks a watershed in British Davis Cup tennis but it is also a huge opportunity for the next generation to make their mark. "We have a host of talented players coming through and despite losing someone of Tim\'s calibre, I remain very optimistic about the future." Henman made his Davis Cup debut in 1994 against Romania in Manchester. He and partner Bates won their doubles rubber on the middle Saturday of the tie. Britain eventually lost the contest 3-2. Henman and Britain had little luck in Davis Cup matches until 1999 when they qualified for the World Group. Britain drew the USA and lost the tie when Greg Rusedski fell to Jim Courier in the deciding rubber. They made the final stages again, in 2002, but this time lost out to the might of Sweden.'), ('Weak end-of-year sales hit Next', 'Next has said its annual profit will be 5m lower than previously expected because its end-of-year clearance sale has proved disappointing.\n"Clearance rates in our end-of-season sale have been below our expectations," the company said. The High Street retailer said it now expected to report annual profits of between 415m and 425m ($779m-798m). Next\'s shares fell more than 3% following the release of the trading statement.\nNext chief executive Simon Wolfson admitted that festive sales were "below where we would expect a normal Christmas to be", but said sales should still top analyst expectations.\nAmong areas where Next could have done better, Mr Wolfson said menswear ranges were "a little bit too similar to the previous year". Mr Wolfson also said that disappointing pre-Christmas sales were "more to do with the fact that we went in with too much stock rather than (the fact that) demand wasn\'t there for the stock". Next\'s like-for-like store sales in the five months from 3 August to 24 December were up 2.9% on a year earlier. This figure is for existing Next stores, which were unaffected by new Next store openings. Like-for-like sales growth at the 49 Next stores directly affected by new store openings in their locality was 0.5%.\nOverall sales across both its retail and mail order divisions were up 12.4%, Next said. Its Next Directory mail order division saw sales rise 13.4% during the five-month period. "In terms of all the worries about their trading pre-Christmas, it\'s a result," said Nick Bubb, an analyst at Evolution Securities. "Profits of around 420m would be well within the comfort zone." However, one dealer, who asked not to be named, told Reuters the seasonal sales performance was "not what people had hoped for". "Christmas has been tough for the whole sector, and this is one of the best retailers," he said. Next\'s trading statement comes a day after House of Fraser and Woolworths disappointed investors with their figures.'), ('Asia shares defy post-quake gloom', 'Thailand has become the first of the 10 southern Asian nations battered by giant waves at the weekend to cut its economic forecast.\nThailand\'s economy is now expected to grow by 5.7% in 2005, rather than 6% as forecast before tsunamis hit six tourist provinces. The full economic costs of the disaster remain unclear. In part, this is because of its scale, and because delivering aid and recovering the dead remain priorities. But Indonesian, Indian and Hong Kong stock markets reached record highs on Wednesday, suggesting that investors do not fear a major economic impact.\nThe highs showed the gap in outlook between investors in large firms and individuals who have lost their livelihoods.\nInvestors seemed to feel that some of the worst-affected areas - such as Aceh in Indonesia - were so under-developed that the tragedy would little impact on Asia\'s listed companies, according to analysts. "Obviously with a lot of loss of life, a lot of time is needed to clean up the mess, bury the people and find the missing. But it\'s not necessarily a really big thing in the economic sense," said ABN Amro chief Asian strategist Eddie Wong. India\'s Bombay Stock Exchange inched slightly above its previous record close on Wednesday. Expectations of strong corporate earnings in 2005 drove the Indonesian stock exchange in Jakarta to a record high on Wednesday. In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index may be benefiting in part from the potential for its listed property companies to gain from rebuilding contracts in the tsunami-affected regions of South East Asia. In Sri Lanka, some economists have said that as much as 1% of annual growth may be lost. Sri Lanka\'s stock market has fallen about 5% since the weekend, but it is still 40% higher than at the start of 2004.\nThailand may lose 30bn baht (398m; $768m) in earnings from tourism over the next three months, according to tourism minister Sontaya Kunplome.\nIn the affected provinces, he expects the loss of tourism revenue to be offset by government reconstruction spending. Thailand intends to spend a similar sum - around 30bn baht - on the rebuilding work. "It will take until the fourth quarter of next year before tourist visitors in Phuket and five other provinces return to their normal level," said Naris Chaiyasoot, director general at the ministry\'s fiscal policy office. In the Maldives the cost of reconstruction could wipe out economic growth, according to a government spokesman. "Our nation is in peril here," said Ahmed Shaheed, the chief government spokesman. He estimated the economic cost of the disaster at hundreds of millions of dollars. The Maldives has gross domestic product of $660m. "It won\'t be surprising if the cost exceeds our GDP," he said. "In the last few years, we made great progress in our standard of living - the United Nations recognised this. Now we see this can disappear in a few days, a few minutes." Shaheed noted that investment in a single tourist resort - the economic mainstay - could run to $40m. Between 10 and 12 of the 80-odd resorts have been severely damaged, and a similar number have suffered significant damage. However, many experts, including the World Bank, have pointed out that it is still difficult to assess the magnitude of the disaster and its likely economic impact.'), ("Disaster claims 'less than $10bn'", 'Insurers have sought to calm fears that they face huge losses after an earthquake and giant waves killed at least 38,000 people in southern Asia.\nMunich Re and Swiss Re, the world\'s two biggest reinsurers, have said exposure will be less than for other disasters. Rebuilding costs are likely to be cheaper than in developed countries, and many of those affected will not have insurance, analysts said. Swiss Re has said total claims are likely to be less than $10bn (5.17bn). Swiss Re believes that the cost would be substantial but that it is unlikely to be in double-digit billions, the Financial Times reported. Munich Re, the world\'s largest reinsurance company, said that its exposure is less than 100m euros (70m; $136m).\nAt least 10 countries have been affected, with Sri Lanka, Indonesia, India and Thailand among the worst hit. The region\'s resorts and Western tourists are expected to be among the main claimants.\nLloyds of London told the Financial Times it expected its exposure to be limited to "holiday resorts, personal accident, travel insurance and marine risks". A spokeswoman for Hanover Re, Europe\'s fifth-largest reinsurance firm, estimated tsunami-related damage claims would be in the low double-digit millions of euros. The company has paid out about 300 million euros (281m; $400m) to cover damage caused recently by four major hurricanes in the US.\nBut insurers have not had long to assess the economic impact of the damage and reports of more casualties and destruction are still coming through.\n"So many things are unclear, it is just too early to tell," said Serge Troeber, deputy head of Swiss Re\'s natural disasters department. "You need very complicated processes to estimate damages. Unlike the hurricanes, you can\'t just run a model." He anticipated that his own company\'s total claims would be less then those from the hurricanes, which the company put at $640m. Allianz, a leading German insurer, said it did not know yet what its exposure would be. However, it said the tidal waves were unlikely to have a "significant" impact on its business. Zurich Financial said they could not yet assess the cost of the disaster.\nThe impact on US insurance companies is not expected to be heavy, analysts said.\nMost US insurers have relatively little exposure to Asia and those that do, pass on a lot of the risk to reinsurance companies or special catastrophe funds. Insured damage could be a fraction of the "billions of dollars worth of destruction in Sri Lanka, India, Thailand, Indonesia, the Maldive Islands and Malaysia," said Prudential Equity Group insurance analyst Jay Gelb. "US insurers are likely to have only minimal to no exposure. It\'s more likely the Bermuda-based reinsurance [companies] might have some exposure," said Paul Newsome, an insurance analyst at AG Edwards & Co.\nMany of the affected countries, such as Indonesia, Sri Lanka or the Maldives, do not usually buy insurance for these kinds of disasters, said a US-based insurance expert. Early estimates from the World Bank put the amount of aid needed for the worst affected countries including Sri Lanka, India, Indonesia and Thailand, at about $5bn (2.6bn), similar to the cash offered to Central America after Hurricane Mitch.\nMitch killed about 10,000 people and caused damage of about $10bn in 1998. But the cost of the tsunamis on the individuals involved is incalculable. "We cannot fathom the cost of these poor societies and the nameless fishermen and fishing villages ... that have just been wiped out. Hundreds of thousands of livelihoods have gone," said Jan Egeland, head of the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs. Tourists cutting short their holidays in affected areas may suffer a financial impact too. The Association of British insurers warned that travel insurance does not normally cover cutting short a holiday. It said loss of possessions will usually be covered, but the Association stressed the importance of checking the wording of travel policies.'), ('Moody joins up with England', 'Lewis Moody has flown to Dublin to join England\'s camp ahead of their RBS Six Nations game against Ireland on Sunday.\nDespite joining the squad, the Leicester flanker only has a "slim" chance of playing because of an infection in his finger. A decision will be taken on Saturday as to whether the 26-year-old will be declared fit. If he fails to recover in time for the game, his place at the back of the pack will be taken by Andy Hazell. Chris Jones will then start the game on the bench. "The chances of him playing are very slim," said coach Andy Robinson. "The infection is deeper than was thought."\nMoody had to be put on a drip in an attempt to force antibiotics through his infected finger. He suffered the cut playing against France at Twickenham and it became infected during a 10-minute outing as a replacement for Leicester against Newcastle last Saturday. "The mud got into it," Robinson added. "He has had a big course of antibiotics but they haven\'t done the job we hoped they would." Robinson has already been forced to make one change to the starting line-up with Bath prop Matt Stevens coming in for the injured Phil Vickery.\nThe 22-year-old has only made 10 starts for his club but has made 49 appearances from the bench. "It can be frustrating but I\'ve had a lot more game time this season and I\'m ready for it," Stevens said. "I\'ve been on tour with these boys and I\'ve been in the England set-up for two years so I know the calls and the way they play." Stevens will be winning his third cap on Sunday after coming on twice as a replacement on the tour to New Zealand last year.\nRobinson has confirmed that fly-half Charlie Hodgson will be the first-choice kicker despite his three missed penalties and a drop goal against France. "Charlie\'s state of mind is very good," said Robinson. "Obviously, we are all disappointed we lost the French game and the circumstances in which we did. "But he responded well last week in his goalkicking for Sale and he will be our first-choice kicker this week."\nRobinson also admits his side must improve their line-out work against Irish duo Malcolm O\'Kelly and Paul O\'Connell, one of the most effective partnerships in the game. "In each game we\'ve missed a number of line-outs," he added. "It cost us the game against Wales but it has improved. "It was better against France and will have to go up another notch against Ireland. It will be a huge battle. "Look at the way they tore us apart last year. If it doesn\'t function, we will be in for a torrid time."'), ("Tsunami slows Sri Lanka's growth", 'Sri Lanka\'s president has launched a reconstruction drive worth $3.5bn (1.8bn) by appealing for peace and national unity.\nPresident Kumaratunga said it was now important to find a peaceful solution to years of internal conflict. Meanwhile, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said damage from the tsunami would cut one percentage point from Sri Lanka\'s economic growth this year. It estimated the wave left physical damage equal to 6.5% of the economy.\nSeparately, the International Labour Organisation (ILO) said that at least one million people have lost their livelihoods in Sri Lanka and Indonesia alone. It called for action to create jobs. President Kumaratunga attended a ceremony in the southern town of Hambantota. She was joined by government and opposition politicians, together with Buddhist, Hindu, Muslim and Christian clergy.\nPrime Minister Mahinda Rajapakse laid the foundation stone on a new housing project intended to provide 6,000 homes for survivors of the tsunami. Mrs Kumaratunga called for the tragedy to be "the start of a new beginning to rebuild our nation". "We are a country blessed with so many natural resources and we have not made use of them fully. Instead we have been squabbling, fighting," she added. Norway\'s peace negotiator Erik Solheim is due to arrive on Wednesday to try to revive peace talks in the decades-long conflict between government forces and the Tamil Tigers, who want a separate state in the north east of the country. Reconstruction efforts in eastern Sri Lanka have been hampered by tensions between the two sides.\nThe IMF said that the Sri Lankan authorities\' initial estimates have put the physical damage at $1.3 to $1.5bn, but added that the implications for the economy were much wider than this. "The broader macroeconomic impact will clearly be substantial but the details are difficult to assess at this early stage," the IMF said. Growth, inflation, the balance of payments and foreign exchange reserves are all expected to show the effects of lost businesses and reconstruction costs. "The fishing industry has been devastated, agricultural production may be affected and tourism will suffer, especially in the short term," the report said. The ILO estimated that 400,000 Sri Lankans have lost their jobs, mostly in these three industries. Earnings from tourism this year are expected to be 15% lower than last year. Economic growth this year is expected to be 4%, which is about 1% less than previously forecast. Inflation could climb to 14% compared to a previous estimate of 12%. Although major exports have not suffered, the IMF expects the reconstruction effort will require higher imports which could damage the balance of payments. Foreign exchange reserves may become strained as "Sri Lanka will be hard pressed to keep international reserves at the pre-tsunami level" which totalled more than two months worth of imports. Last week, the IMF approved Sri Lanka\'s request for a freeze on loan repayments.'), ('Asia shares defy post-quake gloom', 'Indonesian, Indian and Hong Kong stock markets reached record highs.\nInvestors seemed to feel that some of the worst-affected areas were so under-developed that the tragedy would have little impact on Asia\'s listed firms. "Obviously with a lot of loss of life, a lot of time is needed to clean up the mess, bury the people and find the missing," said ABN Amro\'s Eddie Wong. "[But] it\'s not necessarily a really big thing in the economic sense."\nIndia\'s Bombay Stock Exchange inched slightly above its previous record close on Wednesday. Expectations of strong corporate earnings in 2005 drove the Indonesian stock exchange in Jakarta to a record high on Wednesday. In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index may be benefiting in part from the potential for its listed property companies to gain from rebuilding contracts in the tsunami-affected regions of South East Asia. In Sri Lanka, some economists have said that as much as 1% of annual growth may be lost. Sri Lanka\'s stock market has fallen about 5% since the weekend, but it is still 40% higher than at the start of 2004.\nThailand may lose 30bn baht (398m; $768m) in earnings from tourism over the next three months, according to tourism minister Sontaya Kunplome.\nIn the affected provinces, he expects the loss of tourism revenue to be offset by government reconstruction spending. Thailand intends to spend a similar sum - around 30bn baht - on the rebuilding work. "It will take until the fourth quarter of next year before tourist visitors in Phuket and five other provinces return to their normal level," said Naris Chaiyasoot, director general at the ministry\'s fiscal policy office. In the Maldives the cost of reconstruction could wipe out economic growth, according to a government spokesman. "Our nation is in peril here," said Ahmed Shaheed, the chief government spokesman. He estimated the economic cost of the disaster at hundreds of millions of dollars. The Maldives has gross domestic product of $660m. "It won\'t be surprising if the cost exceeds our GDP," he said. "In the last few years, we made great progress in our standard of living - the United Nations recognised this. Now we see this can disappear in a few days, a few minutes." Shaheed noted that investment in a single tourist resort - the economic mainstay - could run to $40m. Between 10 and 12 of the 80-odd resorts have been severely damaged, and a similar number have suffered significant damage.\nHowever, many experts, including the World Bank, have pointed out that it is still difficult to assess the magnitude of the disaster and its likely economic impact. In part, this is because of its scale, and because delivering aid and recovering the dead remain priorities. "Calculators will have to wait," said an IMF official in a briefing on Wednesday. "The financial and world community will be turning toward reconstruction efforts and at that point people will begin to have a sense of the financial impact."'), ('Booming markets shed few tears', 'The market, former British government minister Michael Heseltine once said, has no morality.\nAnd indeed, stock exchange traders around Asia have wasted little time regretting the victims of this week\'s disaster. Stock markets in Indonesia and India have hit all-time highs this week; even in Sri Lanka, more comprehensively affected, the main index has lost only 5% since the waves hit. Bigger markets further afield have barely twitched. The MSCI World share index, a measure of global stock market performance, hit its highest level this week since early 2001; the BBC Global 30 has risen by 3% in the past week. And this at a time when - all sentiment aside - insurance costs are already estimated in the tens of billions of dollars, and countries around the region are looking at trimming their growth forecasts.\nIn fact, the markets are being perfectly rational.\nFor a start, the notional insurance cost of the disaster will have little bearing on corporate bottom lines. The overwhelming majority of the victims will have had no insurance: according to estimates from India, only one-quarter of those affected there were wealthy enough to afford insurance, and only one-quarter of that group at most will have taken out policies. Indonesia is likely to have even lower take-up rates. And where insurance certainly is in place - in, for example, the many tourist complexes affected - the costs will be borne in far-away corners of the global reinsurance market, rather than landing locally.\nSecond, stock markets do not trade the sort of companies likely to have been damaged. Most of the biggest companies traded on the soaring Jakarta Stock Exchange are in oil, technology and financial services - none of which have been hit by the flooding. Tourist businesses, the most likely sufferers, are either foreign-owned or too small to have their shares listed. Those that are listed have suffered: Confifi Hotel Holdings, a small Sri Lankan tourism firm, has halved in value this week. But there are winners as well as losers. Asian stock markets are heavily inclined towards property and construction companies, many of which will be rubbing their hands over the reconstruction opportunities. In Indonesia, shares in state construction companies Adhi Karya and Semen Gresik have jumped sharply this week.\nMore broadly, the academic consensus is that major disasters are largely neutral in their longer-term economic impact.\nAccording to the Natural Hazards Research and Applications Information Center at Colorado State University, there is little evidence that disasters are inevitably followed by a depression. The need to find money to replace lost and damaged property is balanced by the beneficial effect of reconstruction activity; there is rarely, the centre says, any sort of rebuilding boom, but in most cases sizeable indirect losses are avoided. A study of the 1993 Des Moines floods, from the Disaster Research Center at the University of Delaware*, found that 70% of local businesses were no worse off after the disaster, and another 18% felt themselves better off. "Although it is commonly assumed on the basis of anecdotal evidence that disasters result in business failures and bankruptcies on a large scale, our research indicates that most businesses, even those that are especially hard-hit, do indeed recover," the authors concluded.\nBut disasters have a vast psychological impact, and markets are driven by psychological factors.\nIn particular, many analysts warn of panic spreading unchecked through the global financial system, as investors seek to cover themselves against the unforeseeable effects of unguessable events. In fact, again, the risks here are lower than they seem. Even the costliest natural disaster is rendered minuscule by the global capital market - currently $30 trillion and rising. A series of recent shocks, the Colorado centre has argued, have demonstrated that this seamless global contagion hardly ever happens: market tremors rarely translate into economic slumps, and economic woes rarely seriously undermine markets. The trillion-dollar debts of Japan\'s banks, for example, have had no effect on stock markets further afield than Tokyo. And the US stock market was on its way down long before 11 September, 2001; it rose by 20% during the six months following the attacks. "It is not that the broking community is indifferent to disasters or feelings," one Bombay trader said this week. "But the reaction would have been seen if business had been affected. Business sense probably tends to overrule everything else."'), ("Benitez 'to launch Morientes bid'", 'Liverpool may launch an 8m January bid for long-time target Fernando Morientes, according to reports.\nThe Real Madrid striker has been linked with a move to Anfield since the summer and is currently behind Raul, Ronaldo and Michael Owen at the Bernabeu. Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez is keen to bolster his forward options with Djibril Cisse out until next season. "If there is an attractive propostition it could be I would be keen to leave," admitted the 28-year-old Morientes. He added: "Unfortunately, I\'m not in control of the situation. I\'m under contract to Real and they will make any decisions." The fee could put Liverpool off a prospective deal but Real are keen to net the cash as they are reported to be preparing a massive summer bid for Inter Milan striker Adriano. The Reds are currently sixth in the Premiership, 15 points behind leaders Chelsea.'), ('Vickery out of Six Nations', 'England tight-head prop Phil Vickery has been ruled out of the rest of the 2005 RBS Six Nations after breaking a bone in his right forearm.\nVickery was injured as his club side, Gloucester, beat Bath 17-16 in the West country derby on Saturday. He could be joined on the sidelines by Bath centre Olly Barkley, who sat out the derby due to a leg injury. Barkley will have a scan on Sunday and might miss England\'s trip to Six Nations leaders Ireland next weekend. The news is just the latest blow for coach Andy Robinson, who has seen his side lose their opening two matches in the 2005 Six Nations. Robinson is already without World Cup winners Jonny Wilkinson, Will Greenwood, Mike Tindall, Richard Hill and Trevor Woodman through injury. Vickery has broken the radius, a large bone in his forearm. He only returned to the England side last weekend after a long-term back injury, which was followed by a fractured eye socket. And the Gloucester prop was only recalled after Leicester tight-head Julian White suffered a neck injury which has already seen him ruled out of the Ireland game.\nBath prop Matt Stevens is the only remaining tight-head in England\'s training squad and could be involved against Ireland. But he has to play second fiddle at club level to Duncan Bell, who excelled for England A against France and may now be called into the squad. The extent of Barkley\'s injury is not yet clear but Bath boss John Connolly rates him no better than "50-50" to face Ireland. Barkley played at inside cente in England\'s defeat by France and if he is unable to play, England\'s constantly-changing midfield will once again have to be altered.\nRobinson could choose to recall Mathew Tait or Henry Paul, although Tait endured a nightmare for Newcastle against Leicester on Saturday and Paul limped off with an ankle injury against Bath. In-form Leicester centre Ollie Smith is the other outstanding candidate, and two tries against Newcastle will have boosted his chances. Fly-half Andy Goode is also a strong contender for the match-day 22 after an immaculate kicking display on Saturday. England, fourth in the Six Nations table with zero points, play Ireland, top of the table, in Dublin on 27 February, kick-off 1500 GMT.'), ('Asian quake hits European shares', 'Shares in Europe\'s leading reinsurers and travel firms have fallen as the scale of the damage wrought by tsunamis across south Asia has become apparent.\nMore than 23,000 people have been killed following a massive underwater earthquake and many of the worst hit areas are popular tourist destinations. Reisurance firms such as Swiss Re and Munich Re lost value as investors worried about rebuilding costs. But the disaster has little impact on stock markets in the US and Asia.\nCurrencies including the Thai baht and Indonesian rupiah weakened as analysts warned that economic growth may slow. "It came at the worst possible time," said Hans Goetti, a Singapore-based fund manager. "The impact on the tourist industry is pretty devastating, especially in Thailand." Travel-related shares dropped in Europe, with companies such as Germany\'s TUI and Lufthansa and France\'s Club Mediterranne sliding. Insurers and reinsurance firms were also under pressure in Europe.\nShares in Munich Re and Swiss Re - the world\'s two biggest reinsurers - both fell 1.7% as the market speculated about the cost of rebuilding in Asia. Zurich Financial, Allianz and Axa also suffered a decline in value.\nHowever, their losses were much smaller, reflecting the market\'s view that reinsurers were likely to pick up the bulk of the costs. Worries about the size of insurance liabilities dragged European shares down, although the impact was exacerbated by light post-Christmas trading. Germany\'s benchmark Dax index closed the day 16.29 points lower at 3.817.69 while France\'s Cac index of leading shares fell 5.07 points to 3.817.69. Investors pointed out, however, that declines probably would be industry specific, with the travel and insurance firms hit hardest. "It\'s still too early for concrete damage figures," Swiss Re\'s spokesman Floiran Woest told Associated Press. "That also has to do with the fact that the damage is very widely spread geographically."\nThe unfolding scale of the disaster in south Asia had little immediate impact on US shares, however. The Dow Jones index had risen 20.54 points, or 0.2%, to 10,847.66 by late morning as analsyts were cheered by more encouraging reports from retailers about post-Christmas sales. In Asian markets, adjustments were made quickly to account for lower earnings and the cost of repairs. Thai Airways shed almost 4%. The country relies on tourism for about 6% of its total economy. Singapore Airlines dropped 2.6%. About 5% of Singapore\'s annual gross domestic product (GDP) comes from tourism. Malaysia\'s budget airline, AirAsia fell 2.9%. Resort operator Tanco Holdings slumped 5%.\nTravel companies also took a hit, with Japan\'s Kinki Nippon sliding 1.5% and HIS dropping 3.3%. However, the overall impact on Asia\'s largest stock market, Japan\'s Nikkei, was slight. Shares fell just 0.03%. Concerns about the strength of economic growth going forward weighed on the currency markets. The Indonesian rupiah lost as much as 0.6% against the US dollar, before bouncing back slightly to trade at 9,300. The Thai baht lost 0.3% against the US currency, trading at 39.10. In India, where more than 2,000 people are thought to have died, the rupee shed 0.1% against the dollar Analysts said that it was difficult to predict the total cost of the disaster and warned that share prices and currencies would come under increasing pressure as the bills mounted.'), ('Radcliffe enjoys winning comeback', 'Paula Radcliffe made a triumphant return to competitive running with victory in the New York Marathon.\nThe Briton, running for the first time since dropping out of the Olympic marathon and 10,000m, held off Kenyan Susan Chepkemei in a thrilling finish. The pair were locked together for the last few miles before Radcliffe finally sprinted clear to win in two hours, 23 minutes and 10 seconds. "It\'s a good way to end the year," she said. "I\'m ready for a good rest now." Radcliffe decided only recently to run in the race and many had doubted whether she had sufficiently recovered from her Olympic ordeal just 11 weeks ago. But the world record-holder was prominent at the head of the field for the whole race as her rivals slowly dropped off the pace. Just Chepkemei and Radcliffe were left in contention as the race came into the final few miles. The Kenyan put in several bursts of speed to throw off Radcliffe but the Briton managed to hang in. Both runners looked to be suffering as they reached the final mile in Central Park. But it was Radcliffe who managed to dredge up a final sprint to see off Chepkemei in the closest finish in the race\'s history and in the process make a huge step in erasing the disappointment she suffered in Athens.'), ("Kenya lift Chepkemei's suspension", 'Kenya\'s athletics body has reversed a ban on marathon runner Susan Chepkemei after she made an official apology.\nAthletics Kenya (AK) had suspended the two-time London Marathon runner-up for failing to turn up to a cross-country team training camp in Embu. "We have withdrawn the ban. Chepkemei has given a reason for her absence," said AK chief Isaiah Kiplagat. "She explained she had a contract with the organisers of the race in Puerto Rice and we have accepted her apology."\nThe Kenyan coaching team will now decide whether Chepkemei can be included in the team for this month\'s world cross country championships. The 29-year-old would be a strong contender at the event in France and is hopeful she will be granted a place in the 32-strong squad. "I am satisfied that the whole saga has been brought to an end," Chepkemei said. "I am ready and prepared to represent my country. "I will be disappointed if I am not given a chance to compete at the world cross country championships." AK had insisted it was making an example of Chepkemei by banning her from competition until the end of 2005. But the organisation came under intense international and domestic pressure to reverse its decision. The 29-year-old took part in the 2002 and 2003 London Marathons and was edged out by Radcliffe in an epic New York Marathon contest last year.\nThe two-time world half-marathon silver medallist will be back to challenge Radcliffe at this year\'s London event in April. AK also dropped its harsh stance on three-time world cross country 4km champion Edith Masai. Masai missed Kenya\'s world cross country trials because of an ankle problem but AK insisted it would take disciplinary action unless she could prove she was really injured. "Subject to our doctor\'s confirmation, we have decided to clear Masai," added Kiplagat.'), ('London hope over Chepkemei', 'London Marathon organisers are hoping that banned athlete Susan Chepkemei will still take part in this year\'s race on 17 April.\nChepkemei was suspended from all competition until the end of the year by Athletics Kenya after failing to report to a national training camp. "We are watching it closely," said London race director David Bedford. "There is a long way to go before the race and we are hoping the situation will be satisfactorily resolved." The camp in Embu was to prepare for the IAAF World Cross Country Championships later this month. Chepkemei however took part and finished third in last Sunday\'s world best 10K race in Puerto Rico. The 29-year-old has finished second to Paula Radcliffe in the 2002 and 2003 London races as well as in November\'s New York City marathon.')]